If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to
this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
---
If you are California resident you have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of
charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for
direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared
personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and
would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact
information provided below.
---
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Google Privacy Policy.
AdMob Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics for Firebase Privacy Policy.
---
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect
data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating
system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of
the Service, and other statistics.
---
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and
libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
---
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are
obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
---
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that
site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review
the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the
content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.