• Financial information, such as payment information and other information collected through
our payment processing vendors;

---

Information we collect about your use of the Services. We and our third-party providers,
which include advertising and analytics providers and other service providers, use cookies, web
beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the Services.
Please note that the specific tracking technologies and third-party providers may vary
depending on where you are located and whether you access the Services via our websites or
mobile applications. For more information about these technologies, please refer to our Cookie
Policy.
As described further in the Cookie Policy, we use these technologies to collect and analyze
device, Internet, and other electronic network activity information including information about
your computer or device (e.g., device type; browser type; ISP or operating system; IP address;
device identifiers such as IDFA, Android ID, etc.; version of our Services you are using);
information about how you use and interact with the Services (e.g., domain name; access time;
referring or exit pages; page views; Service-related identifiers such as User ID, Chat ID, Session
ID, etc.; and actions taken within the Services); and geolocation data.

---

We use and disclose aggregated or anonymized data for a number of purposes,
including without limitation for research and marketing purposes. To the extent we anonymize
any data originally based on personal information so that it is no longer reasonably linkable to an
individual or household, we maintain and use such data in de-identified form and will not
attempt to re-identify the data (except for the purpose of confirming it is de-identified).

---

3. When We Disclose the Information We Collect
We disclose information in any of the following circumstances:
• Affiliates. We disclose information to our affiliates and subsidiaries, who may use the
information we disclose in a manner consistent with this Policy.
• Vendors and Service Providers. We disclose information to employees, consultants, service
providers, and other vendors who need access to such information to carry out work or
perform services on our behalf, such as those who provide data storage, payment, technology
support and services, customer service, analytics, fraud prevention, content moderation, legal
services, and marketing and advertising services.
• Safety and Protection of Character.Al and Others. We may disclose certain information if
we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to (i) protect or defend
Character.Al or other parties, including to defend or enforce this Policy, our Terms of Service,
our Community Guidelines or other policies, or any other contractual arrangement; and/or (ii)
protect the rights, property or personal safety of Character.Al, our agents and affiliates, our
employees, users and/or the public.
• Advertising and Analytics. We may disclose personal information to advertising and
analytics providers in connection with the provision of tailored advertising, to monitor the
performance of advertisements displayed on our behalf on the Services and across the
Internet, to provide analytics services, and to help improve our Services. These entities may
use cookies and tracking technologies to allow us to, among other things, track and analyze
data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver tailored advertising and content, and
better understand your online activity. For more information about how we use cookies and
tracking technologies, please see our Cookie Policy.
• Your Content. Certain actions you take might result in your content being made available to
others, including the public. For example, if you create or share content, such as creating
"public" Characters or a “public” Voice, we may make that content available and visible to
others.
• Legal Requirements. We may disclose certain information if we believe in good faith that
doing so is necessary or appropriate to comply with any law enforcement, legal, or regulatory
process, such as to respond to a warrant, subpoena, court order, or other applicable laws and
regulations.
• Business Transfers. We may disclose certain information, in connection with or during
negotiations or closing of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all
or a portion of our business to another company.
• Other Disclosures with Consent or at Your Direction. We might make additional
disclosures of your information to third parties when you direct us to do so. For example,
where you direct us to disclose information about you when you refer us or our Services to
your friends or other acquaintances.

---

• To request that we transfer your information to a third-party provider of services;

---

Popular Characters. If a Character you create has been made available to other users, then we
reserve the right to preserve that Character's characteristics and to keep that Character active
on the Services, even if you otherwise delete your data and your account. We do this to avoid
impacting the experience of other users. To ensure that we do not retain information about you
when this occurs, please avoid submitting any such information as part of the Character creation
flow if you are creating a Character that you plan to make available to others.

---

8. Links to Third Party Websites
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or services. We are not responsible for
the content or practices of those websites or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of
your information by third parties will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party
websites or services, and not this Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of
these third parties before providing information to them.