This Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure,
and protection of information that is collected through our Service, as well as
your choices regarding the collection and use of information.
---
Analytics information
Information we collect automatically through the use of technology. When
you visit our website, use our mobile app, read our emails or otherwise
engage with us, we and our business partners may automatically collect
certain information about your computer or device through a variety of
tracking technologies, including crash logs, diagnostic information, cookies,
web beacons, log files, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies,
or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, “tracking technologies"). We
use these tracking technologies to maintain a perfect quality of our Services
and provide you with efficient support.
---
We use third-party automatic data processing technologies (such as Google
and Facebook) to analyze certain information sent by your device or our App.
Automatic data processing technologies (advertising or analytics tools)
provide us with the data described below. We do not control, supervise or
respond for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be
processed by their own means (not through our App). Any information
request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be
directed to such third parties.
---
Facebook Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Adjust Privacy Policy: Security and Privacy | Adjust
Firebase Privacy Policy: Fyber – Services Privacy Statement - Digital Turbine
---
on or off in system settings, but your selections and settings may affect the
normal use of certain features of the product. "The information that may be
accessed, collected, or shared may be used for application analysis or
advertising analysis or other third-party SDKs. The specific content can be
viewed in the privacy policy of" "APPENDIX - ADVERTISING
NETWORKS AND PARTNERS" "below.".
---
We may disclose your personal information in accordance with your
wishes or as required by law in the following circumstances:
1) Your prior permission;
2) In accordance with applicable laws, legal procedures, and litigation claims
within and outside your country of residence;
3) At the request of public and government agencies;
4) To protect our legitimate rights and interests.
---
7) Respond to requests from law enforcement agencies and government
organizations as required by law, court orders, or government regulations.
---
8) Evaluate or effect a merger, divestiture, reorganization, reorganization,
dissolution, sale or other transfer of some or all of our assets, whether on an
ongoing basis or as part of a discrete transaction in which the information
collected is the transfer of assets.
---
2. Use the information as appropriate.
Information voluntarily provided to us or lawfully obtained by us is our
property and we may use it for any lawful purpose, including selling, renting
or transferring the information to publishers, advertisers and data aggregators
for marketing purposes.
---
4. Legal Proceedings.
We may disclose personal information in response to subpoenas, court orders
and other legal process required by law.
---
III. How do we share your information?
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but we may share
information you obtain through tools such as cookies, log files and device
identifiers with third-party organizations that provide automatic data
processing technology for this website. We do it in such a way that no
individual user can be identified or linked to any specific action or
information. We do not control or influence these third parties' tracking
technologies or how they are used.
---
Please note that while we only work with third parties to ensure that we take
the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect your data, we
cannot guarantee the security of any information directly transmitted from the
website to such third parties. We will not be liable for any accidental loss or
unauthorized access to your data due to the fault of third parties.
---
We only share personally identifiable information with third parties when you
allow it to be shared, or as necessary to complete operations within the
software or services, or as required by law. Here are some situations where
this might happen:
To help improve or promote our services:
---
We may share information and aggregate data we collect on usage and user
behavior with third parties, to help improve or promote the Services/Apps,
but we do it in such a way that no individual user can be identified or linked
to any specific action or information.
---
Our Services/Apps allow third-party companies to collect certain information
information from users. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other
technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information (e.g.,
hashed data, click streaming information, browser type, time and date, subject
of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other
website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to
be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising
practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of
the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info and Networking
Advertising Initiative atwww.networkadvertising.org/choices . Even so, you
always have the option to uninstall the software if you no longer want to be
our users.
---
To provide you with services:
We may provide information to service providers who help us operate the
Services/Apps. For example, we may use third parties to help host our site,
send e-mail or SMS related to the operation of the Services/Apps, removing
repetitive information from our user lists, to any process payments or to
provide search results. These service providers can technically access your
personal information for use for a limited time but when this occurs, it is
reasonable to apply the contractual and technical protections of limiting the
use of this information to help us provide the the Services/Apps.
---
To offer services in association with other companies:
We may provide services in conjunction with other companies. If you opt in
for these services, we may share your information to facilitate this service.
However, we will identify the partners and display the privacy policy before
you use such services.
---
We may contain links to third party sites/services. You also may visit the
Website following a link from a third party site. We are not responsible for
the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked, including for
the information or content contained within them (unless we are the providers
of those sites and/or services).
---
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for objective
reasons, due to the public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our
rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond
to a government request;
---
· if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our
assets, you will be notified via prominent notice on our Website of any
change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any
choices you may have regarding your personal information;
---
· in some cases, we may share your information with our affiliates,
subsidiaries, contractors, business partners or other third parties who perform
services on our behalf.
---
VII. Third-Party
We use various third-party services to help provide our services, such as
hosting services, including Google Cloud Platform, analytics services, such as
Google Analytics and Google Firebase, bug reporting services, such as
Instabug and transactional SMS Serve.
---
1. Advertiser Cookies and Web Beacons. Publishers who advertise on the
Internet may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technologies to
collect information about you. We do not control publishers' use of such
technologies. We may place cookies on your computer or device from
publishers or advertisers with whom we contract. This Privacy Policy does
not apply to the practices of publishers or other companies that we do not
own or control, nor does it apply to people we do not employ or manage.
---
2. Links. Publisher's website may contain hypertext links to third-party
websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such
other sites.
---
3. Non-publisher affiliates. We may disclose or transfer personal information
to entities wholly owned or controlled by us in our sole discretion.
---
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services
linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained
therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to
another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or
services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service,
including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third
party's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies
before proceeding.
---
Advertising networks and their partners
Amazon Developer
Privacy Policy: AWS Privacy.
Google AdMob and their partners
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
AppLovin
Privacy Policy: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network
Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Fyber
Privacy Policy: Fyber – Services Privacy Statement - Digital Turbine
Pangle
Privacy Policy: Partner Data Privacy Policy | Pangle
Smaato and their vendors
Privacy Policy: Privacy Policy | Smaato For more information on the Smaato
Vendors, please visit: Partner List | Smaato
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Criteo
Privacy Policy: Privacy Policy | Criteo
Inmobi
Privacy Policy: Privacy Policy.
Vungle
Privacy Policy page: Privacy - Vungle
Mintegral
Privacy Policy: Privacy Policy - Mintegral
---
4. Google Signal Data Collection and Usage (applicable to AI Home Design
Android only)
---
To enhance our services and advertising effectiveness, we use Google Signal
(provided by Google). Google Signal collects and analyzes the following
types of data to help us optimize ad targeting and user experience:
• User behavior data: This includes, but is not limited to, user interactions
within our product, such as clicks, page views, session duration, and other
usage data.
• Device information: Includes data such as device type, operating system
version, IP address, browser type, and similar technical details.
• Ad interaction data: Includes information related to ad impressions, clicks,
conversions, and other metrics used to evaluate the effectiveness of our
advertising campaigns.
The data collected by Google Signal is used for the following purposes:
• Ad performance analysis: Helps us evaluate the effectiveness of our
advertising efforts and optimize our ad strategy.
• Personalized advertising: Based on user behavior, Google Signal enables us
to show relevant ads to users.
• Analytical reporting: Provides anonymous reports that help us understand
user preferences and improve our products and services.
We ensure that the data collected via Google Signal is used solely for
advertising and analytical purposes and is not linked to personally identifiable
information. Additionally, Google follows strict data protection standards to
ensure your privacy is safeguarded.
We ensure that the data collected via Google Signals is used exclusively for
advertising and analytical purposes, with strict adherence to privacy
safeguards. User data is aggregated, meaning individual user details cannot be
traced or isolated, and it undergoes anonymization processes to remove any
direct identifiers. Google safeguards user privacy by adhering to strict data
protection standards.
How to Control Your Data
• If you do not wish for Google Signal to collect your data, you can disable it
through Privacy controls in Google Analytics.
• For more information on how Google uses your data, you can review
Google's Privacy Policy. Please be aware that we are not responsible for how
Google collects or processes your data.
---
5. Gmail API Data Collection and Usage (applicable to AI Photo Cleaner,
Swipe: Slidy only)
• AI Photo Cleaner, Swipe: Slidy integrates with Gmail API to provide
specific functionalities. For more information on how Google uses your data,
you can review Google's Privacy Policy . Please be aware that we are not
responsible for how Google collects or processes your data.
• You have the right to manage your privacy and data, or opt out across
Google's services in Your privacy controls
---
IX.INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA:
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act
("CCPA") may provide you with rights that are in addition to those set forth
elsewhere in this Privacy Policy regarding our use of your personal
information. The CCPA Notice applies to "Consumers" as defined by the law.
This section describes your CCPA rights as a California Consumer and
explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to send us a request, no more than twice in a twelve-month
period, for any of the following for the period that is twelve months prior to
the request date:
1)The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
2)The categories of sources from which we collected your personal
information.
3)The business or commercial purposes for our collecting or selling your
personal information.
4)The categories of third parties to whom we have shared your personal
information.
5)The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
---
6)A list of the categories of personal information disclosed for a business
purpose in the prior 12 months, or that no disclosure occurred.
7)A list of the categories of personal information sold about you in the prior
12 months, or that no sale occurred. If we sold your personal information, we
will explain:
• the categories of your personal information we have sold.
• the categories of third parties to which we sold personal information, by
categories of personal information sold for each third party.
---
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA
because you exercise your CCPA rights. However, we may charge a different
price or rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service, to the
extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data.
In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale and
retention and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that
can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality
levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and
described in its program terms. We may add or change incentive programs
and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms
linked to above so check them regularly.