At InstaVision, Inc., d/b/a InstaVision ("InstaVision", "we", "us" or "our"), your privacy is important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share information we obtain through our
InstaVision Camera system (s) ("device(s)"), mobile app, and website (collectively "Service" or
"Services"), and when you otherwise interact with us, including on social media or through a customer
support channel.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

How We Share the Information We Collect
We will not share data except in the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry
out work on our behalf; In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance
with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities
to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; If we believe your actions are inconsistent
with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of InstaVision or
others; In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or
acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and with your consent or at your
direction.

---

Social Sharing
The Services may offer social-sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like"
button). Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public,
depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social-sharing feature. For
more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing through social-
sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features

---

We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the
web and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and
other technologies to collect information about your use of our website and mobile application and
other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information,
pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This
information may be used by InstaVision and others to, among other things, analyze and track data,
determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on
our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about
interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web-browsing information used for behavioral
advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Your device may also include a feature (
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS, or "Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt Out of Ads Personalization" on
Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for
behavioral advertising purposes.

---

Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
InstaVision is based in the United States and we process and store information in the United States. Our
Services are not intended for use outside of the United States. If you use our Services outside of the
United States, you consent to the transfer of your information in the United States and other
jurisdictions where it may not enjoy the same level of protection as it does in your home country.