This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how we and our affiliates collect, use, disclose and
protect information that applies to the Service. It also explains how you can exercise
your privacy rights. If you have any questions, suggestions or complaints about our use
of your personal information or this Policy, please contact us using the details provided
at the bottom of this Policy. Any capitalised terms that are not defined in this Policy have
the meaning given to them in our Terms of Service.

---

Certain parts of the Service may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For
example, when you register for an account, we ask for your email address and interests.
If you apply to join the Leonardo Creator Program, we may also collect additional
information relevant to your application, such as your location, links to your portfolio and
social media profiles, and any other details you choose to share with us. Where payment
is required to access the Service (i.e., if you pay for a subscription), our third-party
payment processor may collect and store your payment information, such as payment
card information.

---

(b) Information we receive from third parties
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, when you log into
the Service using a third-party account (e.g., Apple or Google) we may also collect
certain information from the third-party necessary to authenticate your account, such
as your email address and any other information you allow the third-party to share with
us. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-
party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Service. You may
also unlink your third-party account from our websites by adjusting your settings on the
third-party service. If you unlink your third-party account, we will no longer receive
information collected about you in connection with that service. We may also receive
certain information from third-party data providers, such as contact details and
professional information, to help us identify and reach potential customers who may be
interested in the Service.

---

We will directly collect or generate certain information about your use of the Service
(e.g., user activity data, analytics event data and clickstream data), for data analytics
and machine learning, and to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.
We may also use third party analytics tools that automatically collect information sent by
your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that
assists us in improving the Service. For more information, please see the paragraphs
below on cookies information, log file information, clear gifs, device identifiers, and
location data.

---

(d) Cookies information and information taken from similar
technologies
When you visit the Service, we, and our third-party partners, will send cookies to your
computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us do things like help you log in
faster, enhance your navigation through the site, remember your preferences and
generally improve the user experience. Cookies also convey information to us about
how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions
you take on the Service) and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the
Service over time. They also allow us to measure traffic and usage trends for the Service,
deliver personalised advertisements that may be of interest to you and measure their
effectiveness, and find potential new users of the Service.

---

• For advertising purposes: We may use information about you, including cookies
information and other information we (and our third-party partners) collect from
you automatically about your use of the Service, to serve, personalize and measure
the effectiveness of advertising on the Service and third-party sites and platforms.
This includes showing you advertising we think you might find interesting as well as
displaying advertising to potential new users that have similar interests. For more
information about how we use your information for advertising purposes, please
see the section titled “Advertising” below.

---

• For matters that require use of your information by law: We will use or disclose
your information where we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a)
comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to
enforce our Terms of Service or to protect the security or integrity of our Service;
and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
Leonardo.Ai, our users or others.

---

3. Sharing your information
How we share your information
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. However, we may disclose
your personal information to our group companies and to our services providers and
partners who provide data processing services to us. This includes, for example, group
companies and service providers who assist with functions such as billing, customer
support, hosting and storage, data analytics, data labelling and machine learning,
security, advertising and marketing, and other services. We may also disclose your
personal information to our group companies and partners for other purposes that are
described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your information.

---

In the event of a proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business,
we may disclose your personal information to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents
and advisers) provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information
only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.

---

We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying
characteristics and may share that aggregated such anonymized data with third parties.

---

We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law (e.g., to
comply with a subpoena, warrant, or court order) and when we believe that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights, avoid litigation, protect your safety or the safety of
others, investigate fraud, and/or respond to a government request. We may also
disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for
reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.

---

If you have consented to the disclosure of your personal information to any other third
party, we may also share the data with them.

---

How you can share your Content
With a paid subscription, you have control over who can see your generated Content.
When you use private mode, your generated Content cannot be accessed or used by
other users. If private mode is turned off, your Content is considered public and can be
accessed and used by other users. If you are using a free subscription, all Content you
generate is publicly available by default. It may be viewed by other users, appears in
search results, and can be indexed by search engines. Please note that if you or
Leonardo. Ai remove Content from the Service, copies may still be viewable in cached
and archived pages, or if other users have copied or saved that information. Learn more
here.

---

If you are part of a Team account, any information or Content you create within that Team
may be shared with other Team members and the Team administrator; such Content, by
default, is private to those part of the Team account. If requested by the Team
administrator, Leonardo.Ai may re-assign ownership of any shared Content to the Team
administrator or another Team member. The Team administrator may also move, delete

---

or edit any shared Content within the account. You should ensure that any personal
information, confidential information, or Content that you'd like to keep private is
retained in a separate personal account.

---

4. How we transfer, store and protect
your information
Your information will be stored in the United States and processed in Australia and any
other country in which Leonardo.Ai, its group companies, service providers and partners
maintain facilities or employ staff or contractors.
This means that your data may be transferred to and processed in countries other than
the country in which you are located. These countries may have data protection laws
that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as
protective).
However, we always take steps to ensure that your data will remain protected in
accordance with this Policy and applicable data protection laws. These measures
include transferring your data to a country that the European Commission or UK
authorities (as applicable) have determined provides an adequate level of protection for
personal information, or by implementing appropriate transfer mechanisms and
safeguards with our group companies, service providers and partners to protect your
data.

---

We take commercially reasonable security measures designed to protect the security
of the personal information, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful
processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate
technical or organisational measures. To protect your privacy and security, we take
reasonable steps (such as requiring a unique password) to verify your identity before
granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of
your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your
account, at all times; we are not responsible for any activity that occurs due to the use of
a shared email address or otherwise shared access to your account. However, we
cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee
that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.

---

You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided
at the bottom of this page in the “Contact us” section. We respond to all requests we
receive in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In some circumstances we
will not be able to comply with your request regarding your personal information, and if
that is the case we will explain why. For example, we may not be able to provide a copy of
your information where it infringes on the rights of another individual. In some cases, you
may have shared your information with third parties, such as by publishing an image or
video on a third party's website. In that case, Leonardo.Ai will not be able to delete the
information, and you will need to contact that third party directly.

---

9. Advertising
We partner with third-party ad servers, ad networks and social media platforms (e.g.,
Facebook, Instagram and Google) to deliver personalised advertisements on our
Service and other sites that may be of interest to you and/or to measure their
effectiveness, and/or to identify potential new users of our Service.

---

We may share certain information with our third-party advertising partners, such as your
email address, location, cookie information and information relating to your use of our
Service, and allow partners to perform a match of your information against information
from other third-party networks or sites to serve ads either on the Service or on third-
party sites and to measure the effectiveness of these advertisements. We also share
certain information with social media platforms to display advertising to potential new
users whose demographics and behaviour look like those of our existing users.

---

In addition, these third-party advertisement servers or advertisement networks may use
technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, these personalised
advertisements and advertising links directly to your browser or mobile device, and will
automatically receive your IP address when they do so. They may also use other
technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear
gifs) to compile information about your browser's or device's visits and usage patterns
on the Service, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalise the
advertising content. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information about how we
and our third-party partners use cookies and other technologies to deliver ads to you.

---

Please note that an advertiser may ask us to show an ad on the Service to a certain
audience of users (e.g., based on demographics or other interests). In that situation, we
determine the target audience and we serve the advertising to that audience and only
provide anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser. If you respond to such an ad, the
advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they
are trying to reach.

---

The Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party
advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or
contact such advertisers for more information.

---

In certain circumstances, we process personal data as a processor on behalf of our
commercial customers. Leonardo.Ai's Terms of Service set out the circumstances
where we process personal data as a processor. In these cases, it is our customer that is
responsible for the processing of your personal data and our processing will be
governed by the terms of the data processing addendum we have entered with the
customer. If you have questions or concerns about how your personal data is handled by
one of our commercial customers, you should contact the relevant customer that is
using the Service and refer to their separate privacy policies.

---

If you are located in the EEA, Switzerland or UK, we need a lawful basis to collect, use and
disclose your personal data as a controller. Our lawful basis will depend on the
information concerned and the context in which it is processed.

---

• Consent: You consent to us, and our third party partners, using your information in a
certain way – for example, to hear about new features or offers.

---

• Legal obligations: It is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations – for
example, to disclose your information in response to law enforcement requests and
to retain your information for our record keeping purposes.

---

Cross-border transfers of information
By using the Service, you understand and agree that Leonardo Interactive Pty Ltd (an
entity in Australia) will receive and process your personal data. We may transfer your
personal data to other countries where our affiliates and service providers are located.
Please note that some of these countries may have data protection laws that are
different from your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). For
individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK, where we transfer your information to a third-
party service provider that is not located in Europe, and is not in a country that benefits
from an adequacy decision by the European Commission, UK or Swiss authorities, we
will require those third party providers to enter into an agreement that provides
appropriate safeguards for your information, including by using the EU Model Clauses
and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum.

---

For more details about the personal information Leonardo.Ai has collected in the past
year, please see the section above titled “Personal information we collect”. For details
on how we use that information, who we share it with, and how long we keep it, please
see the sections titled “How we use your information”, “Sharing your information”, and
"Data retention.”

---

•
Opt out of the “sharing” of your personal information for cross-context behavioral
advertising;

---

You may opt out of the “selling or sharing” of your personal information, which may
include us sharing your information with third party advertising partners as described
above in the section “Advertising”. You can opt out by following the instructions on the
“Do not sell or share my personal information” banner, or by emailing
privacy@leonardo.ai.

---

We may update this Policy from time to time to reflect our current practice and ensure
compliance with applicable laws. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the
"Last Updated" date at the top of this Policy. If we make any material changes to the way
we collect, use, store and/or share your personal information, we will take appropriate
measures to notify you. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to
inform yourself of any changes.