This Privacy Policy describes how Perplexity Al, Inc. (“we”, “us,” “our”) collects, uses and discloses information about individuals who use
our websites (www.perplexity.ai and https://labs.perplexity.ai) to access the free version of our product or Perplexity Pro, other
applications, services, tools and features, or who purchase our products or otherwise interact with us (collectively, the “Services”). For the
purposes of this Privacy Policy, we are the data controller, and “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services, whether you are a
customer, website visitor, job applicant, representative of a company with whom we do business, or another individual whose information
we have collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of the Perplexity API or Enterprise Pro, where
we act solely as a processor, and which are governed by the applicable Terms and Conditions, including the Data Processing Addendum
incorporated therein, that you agree to when signing up for a subscription to the Business Services.

---

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using any of the Services, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information
as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the Services.

---

1. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, in which case we will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the way in which we use or disclose information we collect, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you
(such as by emailing you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on the Services, or by other means
consistent with applicable law) and will take additional steps as required by applicable law. If you do not agree to any updates to this
Privacy Policy, please do not continue using or accessing the Services.

---

• Payment information, such as credit or debit card information and billing address, which we collect using a third party payment
processor ("Payment Information”). We use this information where necessary to perform our contract with you to process your
payment and provide the Services.

---

• Your input and output, such as questions, prompts and other content that you input, upload or submit to the Services, and the output
that you create, and any collections or pages that you generate using the Services (“Service Interaction Information”). This content may
constitute or contain personal information, depending on the substance and how it is associated with your account. We use this
information where necessary to perform our contract with you to generate and output new content as part of the Services. If you make
content publicly available or share content with third parties, please note that it may be stored, displayed, reproduced, published, or
otherwise used or disclosed without your permission, and may or may not be attributed to you.

---

Information Collected Automatically:
We and certain third parties also automatically collect certain information about your interaction with the Services (“Usage Data") through
the use of cookies, pixels, tags and other tracking technologies (“Tracking Technologies”). Usage Data includes:

---

We use Usage Data in our legitimate interests to tailor features and content to you, run analytics and measure and better understand user
interaction with the Services, and we may permit third parties to use Usage Data for such purposes. For more information on how we use
Tracking Technologies and your choices, see the section below, Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.

---

• Analytics data we receive from analytics providers such as Google Analytics (“Analytics Information”), which we use in our legitimate
interests to understand your interaction with, and improve, our Services.

---

• Information we receive from business partners and other companies that we partner with to provide you with free or discounted
access to the Services or other offers or promotions, which we use in our legitimate interests to provide you with free or discounted
access to the Services (“Partner Information").

---

Information we receive when you choose to link any third-party platforms to your account, such as when you sign into your account
through Google or Apple (“Third Party Platform Information”). We use this information only where necessary to perform our contract
with you, to maintain your account and login information and to provide you with the Services, including to generate and output new
content. Third Party Platform Information may includes your name, profile picture and email address.

---

You may also have the ability to sync your third party email account or calendar (such as Gmail and Google Calendar) with the Services. If
you choose to sync these accounts, we will have access to your contacts and information from the email messages and calendar
appointments in your email account, including the content of your emails (together, “Email Service Information”). Notwithstanding
anything else in this Privacy Policy, we only use and disclose Email Service Information to provide the Services or as otherwise required by
applicable law, and we do not use or disclose Email Service Information to create, train, improve or fine-tune Al models. If you sync your
Google account with the Services, we only use and disclose information from your Google account in accordance with the Google API
Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.

---

Any information we receive from outside sources will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the
accuracy of the information provided to us by third parties and are not responsible for any third party's policies or practices. For more
information, see the section below, Third Party Websites and Links.

---

To opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, click here.

---

4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your information to third parties subject to this Privacy Policy, including the following categories of third parties:

---

• Company Group: Our affiliates or others within our corporate group, in accordance with our contract with you, and for internal
administration or support purposes, in our legitimate interest to run a successful business and in order to provide our Services.

---

• Service Providers: Vendors or other service providers who help us provide the Services, including for system administration, cloud
storage, generative Al and content creation, security, customer transaction facilitation and relationship management, marketing
communications, web analytics, payment networks, and payment processing.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Business Partners: Third parties through whom you receive access to our Services, including via use of a promotion code or other
method provided by such business partners, in our legitimate interest to provide you with free or discounted access to our Services.

---

• Other Third Parties, including other users: Third parties to whom you request or direct us to disclose information, such as through your
use of social media widgets or login integrations, when you purchase third-party goods through the Services, send an email or interact
with your third party email or calendar account through the Services, or otherwise choose to share or make output or other information
visible to others, including other users. We do this as necessary for the performance of a contract, or in our legitimate interest to
provide you with access to the Services and integrations with third parties, or with your consent.

---

• Advertising Partners: Third parties who display advertising information on our Services or otherwise assist with the delivery of ads.

---

• Professional Advisors: As necessary, we will share your personal data with professional advisors such as auditors, law firms, or
accounting firms.

---

• Business Transactions: We will share personal information with a prospective buyer, seller, new owner, or other relevant third party as
necessary while negotiating or in relation to a change of corporate control such as a restructuring, merger, asset sale or purchase,
bankruptcy or other business transaction or re-organization. We do this in our legitimate interest to run a successful and compliant
business, and as required by applicable law.

---

We may also disclose your information as needed to comply with applicable law or any obligations thereunder or to cooperate with law
enforcement, judicial orders, and regulatory inquiries, to enforce any applicable terms of service, and to ensure the safety and security of
our business, employees, and users. We do this in our legitimate interest to protect our Service and business and to comply with
applicable law.

---

Certain features of the Services may allow you to initiate interactions between the Services and third-party services or platforms, such as
Discord, X (formerly Twitter) and other social networks (“Social Features”). Social Features include features that allow you to access our
pages on third-party platforms, and from there 'like' or 'share' our content. Use of Social Features may allow a third party to collect and/or
use your information. If you use Social Features, information you post or make accessible may be publicly displayed by the third-party
service. Both we and the third party may have access to information about you and your use of both the Services and the third-party
service. For more information, see the section below, Third Party Websites and Links.

---

6. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND LINKS
We may provide links to third-party websites or platforms, such as Discord and X (formerly Twitter). If you follow links to sites or platforms
that we do not control and are not affiliated with us, you should review the applicable privacy notice, policies and other terms. We are not
responsible for the privacy or security of, or information found on, these sites or platforms. Information you provide on public or semi-
public venues, such as third-party social networking platforms, may also be viewable by other users of the Services and/or users of those
third-party platforms without limitation as to its use. Our inclusion of such links does not, by itself, imply any endorsement of the content
on such platforms or of their owners or operators.

---

Processing of Personal Information:
In the preceding 12 months, we collected and disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information and
sensitive personal information (denoted by *) about residents:
• Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address and IP address
• Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute such as name, address and telephone number
• Commercial information such as records of products or services purchased
• Internet or other similar network activity such as Usage Data
Geolocation data such as IP address

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Professional or employment-related information such as title of profession, employer, professional background and other information
provided by you when you apply for a job with us
• Non-public education information collected by certain federally funded institutions such as education records that you provide when
you apply for a job with us
• Account access credentials* for the Services
• The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Perplexity account, and the content of email messages
you send through Perplexity*

---

The specific business or commercial purposes for which we have collected and disclosed your personal information and the categories of
sources from which we collect your personal information are described in the section above, Collection and Use Your Information. The
third parties that we have disclosed your information to are described in Section 4 (Disclosure of Your Information) above. We only use
and disclose sensitive personal information for the purposes specified in the CCPA or otherwise in line with your consent. The criteria we
use to determine how long to retain your personal information is described in the section above, Data Security and Retention.

---

California Account Holders Under 18:
Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the Services and who have posted content or
information available to others on the Services can request that such information be removed from the Services by contacting us at the e-
mail address set forth in the section below, How to Contact Us. Such request must state that they personally posted such content or
information and detail where the content or information is posted. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from
prospective public view or anonymize it so the resident cannot be individually identified. This removal process cannot ensure complete or
comprehensive removal. For instance, third parties may have republished the post, and archived copies of it may be stored by search
engines and other parties that we do not control.

---

10. DATA TRANSFERS
The personal information that we collect will be transferred to, stored at/processed in, or accessed from countries outside the jurisdiction
in which you are based in, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including countries in which our service providers or other
third parties described in Section 4 are located. Specifically, we have servers for the Service in the US. We also have support, engineering
and other teams who may support the Service, including from the United States.

---

We process the personal information that you provide to us by creating an account and using our Services in countries outside the
relevant jurisdiction you are resident in in order to perform our contract with you (to provide you with our Services). By using the Services
and acknowledging the Privacy Policy, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to third parties (if any), which may include
the cross-border transfer of your information to any country or region where we have databases or affiliates and, in particular, to the
jurisdictions specified herein. For such transfers of data outside the relevant jurisdiction will use applicable safeguards, for example, for
UK and EEA users, the European Commission's model contracts for the transfer of personal information to third countries (i.e., the
standard contractual clauses) (the "Model Clauses"), or any equivalent contracts issued by the relevant competent authority of the UK, as
relevant, unless the data transfer is to a country that has been determined by the European Commission or the relevant UK authorities, as
applicable, to provide an adequate level of protection for individuals' rights and freedoms for their personal information. Please contact us
at support@perplexity.ai should you wish to inquire further as to such data transfer mechanisms, including to examine a copy of the
Model Clauses.

---

If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern to the extent applicable
to the information at issue. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the DPF and, in accordance with the
DPF, we are responsible for onward transfers to third parties that process personal information subject to the DPF in a way that does not
follow the DPF Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit the Data
Privacy Framework website.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. Under certain conditions (more fully described here) you may be entitled to invoke binding
arbitration to resolve your complaint. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, we commit to
cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK
Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in
reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.

---

• Right to Access / Know. You may have a right to request access to personal information that we hold about you, or to request
information about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, such as the categories of personal information we
have collected or disclosed for a business purpose.

---

• Right of Portability. You may have the right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to request that we
transfer it to a third party.

---

We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter Group with its local partners as our privacy
representative and your point of contact for the EEA/EU and UK

---

Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to
contact us via our representative, Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit the following website:
https://app.prighter.com/portal/14066241084