Personal Information
Use
Social Connect Information
including but not limited to:
( Facebook ) Name,
Facebook ID, profile picture;
( Google ) Nickname,
profile picture
We use this information to: create
your Account for the Services in
accordance with your request; share
photos on Facebook at your request.
Chat Data
If you enable chat services (audio or
text) then we will process such data
in order to deliver your messages to
other users.
Transaction
Records:
payments on third party
payment services
We use this information to maintain
a record of your transaction history.
---
3.Who do We Share Your Information With
We share your personal information with selected third parties in
and outside your country, including:
other users. Social features are a core component of our Services.
Other users may, for example, see your profile data, your
activities on the Services and read the messages you have posted.
· partners working for us. We have partners to perform Services for
us. These partners process your data only at and according to
our instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, support,
advertising, analysis.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
· other companies and public authorities. In order to combat fraud
and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies
and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response
to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data based on your
consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property
or safety of us, our users or others.
related group companies of us, with whom we share your
personal information to operate the Services;
law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other judicial
bodies and organizations.
a third party that acquires all or substantially all of us or our
business. We will disclose information to a third party in the
event that we sell or buy any business or undergo a merger, in
which case we will disclose your data to the prospective buyer of
such business. We will also disclose information to a third party
if we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or
businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions,
user information may be among the transferred assets.
---
Access
You have the right to access personal information we hold about
you, how we use it, and who we share it with. You can access the
personal information you have made available as part of your Account.
If you believe we hold any other personal information about you, please
email us at customer@seaart.ai .
---
Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of certain personal
information we process about you. This comprises any personal
information we process on the basis of your consent (e.g., certain
survey information) or pursuant to our contract with you, as described
in the section“How We Use Your Personal Information”You have the
right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format. You also have the right to request that we
transfer that personal information to another party.
If you wish for us to transfer such personal information to a third
party, please ensure you detail that party in your request. Note that we
can only do so where it is technically feasible. Please note that we may
not be able to provide you with personal information if providing it
would interfere with another's rights (e.g., where providing the
personal information we hold about you would reveal information
about another person or our trade secrets or intellectual property).
---
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
You have a right to require us to stop processing the personal
information we hold about you other than for storage purposes in
certain circumstances. Please note, however, that if we stop processing
the personal information, we may use it again if there are valid grounds
under data protection laws for us to do so (e.g., for the defence of legal
claims or for another's protection). As above, where we agree to stop
processing the personal information, we will try to tell any third party
to whom we have disclosed the relevant personal information so that
they can stop processing it too.
---
8.Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. If we make
material changes in the way we collect, use, retain or share your
personal information, we will notify you by sending you an email at the
last email address that you provided us, or by posting notice of the
changes on the Services covered by this privacy policy. our continued
use of the Services will signify your acceptance of these changes.
---
9.International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated
entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country
or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same
data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to
ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of
information and the use and disclosure of information about you,
including personal information, as described in this Policy.