•
By interacting with interactive advertising: we receive the information you provide when you send oral or written questions or comments through
the interactive ads that are placed on the Services or on third-party platforms; and we may share this information with our Advertising Partners.

---

Location information:

Both we and our services providers, and our Advertising Partners and Analytical Partners, may
collect location information through the Services.

---

The data controller may:

•
Access the profile's public information.
•
•
•
Publish on the user's profile all the information that has already been published on the data controller's social network.
Send personal and individual messages through the social network's channels.
Status updates on the page that will be published in the user's profile.

---

Once the user is a follower or has joined the data controller's social network, they may publish in
it comments, links, images, photographs or any other type of multimedia content it supports. The
user must, in all cases, be the owner of the published content, enjoy the copyright or intellectual
property rights or have the consent of the affected third parties.

---

The user must be aware that their publications shall be known to other users, hence they are the
main party responsible for their privacy.

---

d. In fulfilment of the legitimate interest of the data controller or a third party, as long as the data subject's privacy rights are not harmed.

---

6. To what recipients will your data be sent?

The company's default policy consists of not revealing or communicating the data subjects' data
to any third party, except for: a) ancillary services, authorised data processors or other implicit
third parties necessary for the proper provision of the goods and services; b) public authorities
competent to exercise their functions; other legitimate data subjects and third parties provided for
in law.

More specifically, we set out how we share the data subjects' information with the necessary third-
party partners and services:

The information collected in the Services can be prepared and kept in a format that does identify
them, to you or to other users, and such information may be used or shared. For example, we can
analyse personal data to generate aggregate or statistical data, none of which is personal
information. Although they are not individual-level data, no guarantee is given that the aggregate
data will be anonymous. The information collected in the Services can also be shared as follows:

Third-Party Service Providers. When your personal data are collected through the Services,
they can be collected with selected third parties who collaborate in our commercial operations, in
providing the Services or in our advertising or marketing campaigns. They also help us when
providing the features and functionalities you have requested ("Third-party Service Providers").
These Third-party Suppliers include, but are not limited to, companies that support our advertising
programmes, manage mailings on our behalf, provide data storage, offer customer service, help
to assess the audience and to develop products, and they give or deliver to you materials by
email, though other electronic communication platforms, or by postal mail. We may also provide
personal data to third-party cartography service providers, in order to provide you with
cartographic material for the Services. The Third-party Service Providers are authorised to use
the personal data we supply to them with the sole purpose of providing you with the service in our
name. All these Third-party Service Providers are contractually obliged to respect the
confidentiality of the personal data.

Companies that offer promotions, products or Services. We may share location data,
advertising identifiers, IP addresses and aggregate usage statistics for the Services with
advertisers.

Other websites, other services, complements and links. Like many websites on the Internet
and other Internet-based services, the Services may link to other web pages located on websites
or services maintained by other organisations. In some cases, you can navigate to pages on other
websites that are framed with elements of the Services, such as the header or footer. In that case,

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

the URL will identify the site you are visiting. In other cases, such as ads, you will connect to
another site or service when you click or activate these opportunities, including the opportunities
to click to call, click to send a text message and click to send an email. These other sites and
services are not subject to our Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for their information
collection practices. The privacy policies of other organisations may differ from ours, for example,
with respect to the level of security, the use of cookies, and the collection, use and dissemination
of personal data.

Some of the Services allow the users to interact with other websites or services. For example, the
complements may connect identifiable third-party services by their respective logos (such as
social media platforms) to the Services. You will remain connected to those other sites and
services until the session ends. When you use these interfaces, you will allow the Services to
access part of your information on those other sites and services. Your use of those other sites
and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services, and not to this Privacy
Policy.

Some of the Service use operating systems, platforms, communication services and third-party
devices and software elements (such as operating systems of mobile devices, wireless services,
mobile telephones and tablet devices), and some Services are provided by third-party distributors,
device manufacturers, device operators, platform and communication services operators. We
have no control over these third-party organisations, products and services, which could collect,
use, process, transfer and disclose your information. Given that we do control those third parties'
data management practices, we recommend you review their privacy policies, conditions of use
and licence agreements (if any).

Advertising Partners. We may share the information we collect with the Advertising Partners so
that they can supply relevant ads or content on their own websites or applications or on other
third-party websites or applications and analyse and inform of the content or the ads the users
see or with which they interact. The Advertising Partners may also collect information, or we may
also provide information to the Advertising Partners. The information may include data about how
the users interact with the Services, the information the users provide through an interactive ad,
the content and ads the users have seen, the users' activities on other websites and online
services, and the physical places the users have visited.

Aggregate information. As part of the Services, we will prepare and retain the information
collected from the Services that is aggregated or otherwise modified so that it does not identify
you directly and cannot reasonably be related to you. We use and share such information for our
commercial purposes:

Other limitation on privacy:

Subject to applicable local legislation, we, our subsidiaries or our Third-party Service Providers
may disclose your personal data without your permission (i) according to court or government
orders, mandates or subpoenas, or to guarantee compliance with the law; (ii) whenever we
believe they endanger the rights, property or safety of a person; (iii) if we describe that your
actions infringe our Conditions of Use or any other of our legal rights; or (iv) in any other
circumstance in which it were required or permitted by current laws (for example, in the event of a
legitimate request for access from the courts, governments or the law enforcement agencies of
any countries).

---

7. Data storage and recovery in the users' terminals.

We work with various advertisers, advertising networks, ad servers ("Advertising Partners") that
use various technologies to collect data about how you use the Services (for example, the content
viewed and the ads on which you have clicked) in order to offer you relevant ads. The Advertising
Partners use various technologies in the Services through the website and within our mobile
applications in order to (among other things): track use of the Services, the sites or content with
which the users interact, and with what sites and mobile applications they interact once they leave
the Services; link user devices; and to offer more ads in the Services or on other websites or
mobile applications you may visit.

We also have certain third parties who use data collection technologies to track use of the
Services, analyse it and notify data related to them. They are also responsible for analysing and
optimising the performance of the Services ("Analytical Partners").

The information collected using the data collection technologies described in this section may be
linked with other information about you, such as the location, and it may include personal data.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We use the technologies described in this section, by themselves or in combination, to
understand the users' behaviour; to personalise and measure the effectiveness of the ads; to help
and diagnose problems; to recognise return visitors; and to make it easier for you to access and
use the Services.

Use of cookies, web beacons and information stored by other technologies

Third parties may use cookies and other technologies by using our Services to support or offer
personalised advertising in online services and third-party websites. The data collection
technologies both we and the third parties use include the following, merely by way of non-limiting
example:
•
Cookies: text files containing small portions of information. They are downloaded from the IT system or the mobile device when a website is
visited and they are stored on the browser. The cookies are again sent to the source website in each subsequent visit to that website or to another
website that may recognise them. Some cookies in our Services collect IP and MAC addresses, which could be considered personal data in some
jurisdictions. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.

More information about cookies
•
Web beacons: certain Services pages contain web beacons. Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of the
computer system that has accessed the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time at
which the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to see the page and the information in the cookies sent by the third
party.
•
Web storage: we use local storage, such as HTML5 localStorage and indexedDB, to improve the user experience. This is achieved by, for
example, storing your user preferences and your settings (for example, volume/deactivate audio) in relation to the animated content of the Services.
Local storage is similar to browser cookies, but it can store more complex data than simple text. In itself, local storage cannot carry out any action on
the data stored on the device, nor with them.

Use of advertising identifiers

We and our Advertising Partners may collect information about a user's movements within a
under the use of mobile applications using advertising identifiers, to support, or supply, bespoke
advertising. An advertising identifier is a randomly-generated alphanumeric code associated with
a user's device to help to publicise the services. These identifiers, which the user can reconfigure,
have various names depending upon the operating system: GAID (Google ad ID) on Android
devices and IDFA (identifiers for advertisers) on iOS. Advertising identifiers provide advertisers
with a way to identify a user's device within using a permanent device identifier, such as the serial
number.

Your options regarding cookies, advertising identifiers and other technologies used by
advertisers, advertising networks and ad servers.

This Privacy Policy does not cover our Advertising Partners' practices and we do not control our
Advertising Partners' technologies. We provide links to more information about our approved
partners and any opt-out page:

See our partners

The opt-outs described below are specific to the devices or the browsers, hence it is possible that
they are not available in all the devices. Thus, if you opt out from your mobile device, it is possible
you will continue to receive bespoke advertising on your personal computer or on other devices. If
you decide to use the website of any of our Advertising Partners to opt out, it is possible you will
continue to see ads, but they will not be based on your interests.

Adjusting the device's settings, ceasing to use the Service or uninstalling the relevant mobile
application also entail opting out of future collection of information by the Services.

Website-related opt-outs

For more information about our Advertising Partners' technology, about how they use the
information collected by the technologies in the Services and the options you have if you do not
accept cookies placed by some of the Advertising Partners in the Services, visit the opt-outs page
of the DAA, the opt-outs page of the DAAC or one of the EDAA's country-specific opt-outs pages.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In some jurisdictions, to opt out of third-party additional advertising networks, you can go to the
website of the Network Advertising Initiative.

It is possible that the browser, be it Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari, will allow you to
manage the cookies and local storage. Given that the browser is different, we recommend using
the "Help" feature on each to learn to block cookies, to received notifications when there are new
cookies, and to disable existing cookies. At all events, remember that it is possible that, without
some cookies, you will not be able to make the most of all the Services and that some parts of
them will not work properly. For more information about cookie management, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.

Mobile application-related opt-outs

You can opt out of receiving bespoke ads on Android and iOS through your device's settings. Bear
in mind that these opt-outs will disable the bespoke ads of all the suppliers on all your
applications, not only on our mobile applications.
•
•
Android users (version 2.3 and later): "Block certain ads" by following the instructions given by Google here: Google Play Help.
iOS users (version 6 and later): "Limit ad tracking" by following the instructions given by Apple here: Apple Support Centre.

The DAA offers AppChoices, an independent optional tool so that the users exercise control over
the collection and use of data through mobile applications for bespoke advertising and other
related uses. For participating companies to benefit from this services, you can install the DAA's
AppChoices application on your mobile device. Press here to obtain more information about the
DAA's AppChoices tool.

---

9. Data security

The company adopts in its information system the technical and organisational measures
necessary to guarantee an adequate level of confidentiality, integrity and availability of the
information we process.

However, insofar as the law allows, we accept no liability for the damage from disturbances third
parties may cause in our information system. Any breach of security shall be appropriately and
immediately reported to the relevant authorities and/or law enforcement agencies.