This Privacy Policy explains our practice of collecting, using, disclosing and protecting information that is collected via our mobile software and our
website (collectively, our“Service”), as well as your choices regarding the collection and use.
---
Information that we automatically collect using the technology when you visit our website or use our mobile software, we and our business
partners may collect certain information about your PC or device using technologies such as cookies, web cookies, log files or any other tracking /
recording tools. The information we collect using the tracking technologies includes but is not limited to the IP address, browser information, links
to / exits and URLs, streaming data and information regarding how you interact with the web links, website, mobile software or Service, domain
names, landing pages, page views, cookies data which allow us to uniquely identify your browser and monitor the behaviour of your browser at our
website, type of mobile device or other permanent identifiers and location data collected from your mobile device. Some or all of this data may be
combined with other personal identifying information specified above. When you access our Service via a mobile device, we may receive or collect
and store unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile app (including, for example, UDID, a unique identifier for
advertisers(“IDFA”)) device type, model and manufacturer, brand and model of the mobile operating system, phone number and, depending on the
settings of your mobile device, your geographic location data, including GPS coordinates You (for example, latitude and / or longitude), WiFi
location or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.We use this information in order to:
memorize the information so that you do not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit a website or login to the mobile app:
provide personalized content and information including advertising
track the location and movement
diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers related to specificIP addresses or user IDs.
---
The Company may also collect analytical data or use third-party analytics tools in order to help us measure the traffic and usage trends of the
Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, the use of third-party apps, and other
information that helps us analyse and improve our Service. Although we are doing our best to respect the privacy preferences of our users, we
cannot respond to “Do NotTrack Signals” signals from your browser at this tim
---
Information exchange
---
We will not disclose personal information to any third parties (including law enforcement,other government agencies, or civil plaintiffs) unless such
is required by the law or a courtorder.
---
When you use some products, services or apps of the Company or share entries on forums, in chat rooms or social media, the personal data you
provide are available to the other users and can be read, collected or used by them. You are responsible for providing this information. For example,
if you enter your name and email address in a forum post, such information is public. Please take precautions when using these features.
---
Information is collected by means of the cookies or similar tracking technologies. You can“refuse” the collection of information using the cookies or
other tracking technology, in the settings in your browser or mobile device. Refer to the technical information of your browser or mobile device for
instructions on how to delete, disable and / or restrict the use of cookies or other tracking / recording tools. Depending on your mobile device, you
may no longer be able to control all tracking technologies via the settings of your device but you can uninstall the app if you do not want the
tracking information to be automatically collected. You can also limit interest-based advertising via the settings in your browser or device. If you
have any questions regarding third-party tracking and advertising, you can contact us directly at support@kids360.app.
---
Links to third-parties websites and services
---
The Company is not responsible for the practices used by the websites related to the Service, as well as the information or content contained in it.