Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by
LOGICLABS Ltd. through your use of the Services. LOGICLABS LIMITED is not responsible for
the actions of individuals with no relationship to LOGICLABS LIMITED or third-party companies,
the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or
services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation
with, those individuals or companies.

---

If you do not want LOGICLABS LIMITED to collect, store, use, or share your information in the
ways described in this Policy, you should not use our Services.

---

Registration Information: We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible
to other LOGICLABS LIMITED users (“Account"). If you create an Account, you may provide us
you name, a username, e-mail address, a password and other information that helps us confirm
that it is you accessing your Account. We may do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you
may choose to skip. If you sign into the Services with Facebook Connect we will collect
information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2)
Facebook ID, (3) Profile Picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends. Your Account may be used
to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which may include user-to-user
interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and
other similar features. The LOGICLABS LIMITED username will be public and will be shown to
other users, but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have
designated as public in your user profile settings.

---

Payment Information: When you order any good or service through the Services, including any
virtual currency or virtual good, our payment processing service provider will collect your name,
phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete credit card
information that enables them to receive your payment. Our payment processing service provider
may also retain this information to enable you to purchase additional items through our Services
without having to re-enter it each time. Please note that purchases from third parties may also be
subject to additional policies

---

Technical and Usage Information: When you access our Services, we may collect (i) certain
technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including IP Address, mobile
device ID (IDFA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), and the version of your operating
system; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Services. In certain Services we
will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may
collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country,
and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name, or e-mail
address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the
Services. This information is typically collected through the use of third-party mobile device
software development kits. We may occasionally send you push notifications through our
Services to send you game updates, high scores and other service-related notifications that may
be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of
communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.

---

- Communicate with you about promotions, contests, rewards, upcoming events, and other news
about products and services offered by LOGICLABS LIMITED and our selected partners;

---

Use of Your Information by Others:
Third Party Services. We may provide your information to third party companies to perform certain
services, including but not limited to hosting services, payment processing, analytics, customer
service and to assist us in our marketing efforts. Where we share your information with third-party
service providers and business partners, we ensure that we have appropriate agreements in
place to protect your information as required by applicable data protection laws.

---

Advertising. To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow advertising
networks of our affiliates and partner networks to collect information about your mobile device to
enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes the following:
- Device make, model and operating system;
- Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery;
- Carrier;
- Operating system;
- Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the
Services;
- Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
- Network connection type and speed;
- IP Address;
- Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services; and
- Advertising ID (IDFA on iOS devices and GAID on Android devices).

---

You may also limit data collection by third parties by using your mobile device settings. Please
note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or
applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, please not
that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser, or use a different mobile
device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices.

---

4. How We May Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
LOGICLABS LIMITED does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as
described in this Policy.
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
- With service providers that perform services on our behalf, including the ones referenced above
under "Third Party Services”;

---

- With our affiliates;
- For analytics and research purposes;
- When we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose the information in response to lawful
requests by public authorities, including law enforcement or legal process purposes;
- To satisfy any applicable laws or regulations;
- When we believe in our sole discretion that our Services are being used in committing a crime,
including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and
organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security
precautions;
- To protect our or a third party's legal rights, investigate fraud, or to defend against a legal claim;
- As part of a business transfer such as a merger, acquisition, or at bankruptcy;
- We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers,
business partners, sponsors, and other third parties; and
- We may use analytics services provided by third parties, including Google Analytics. These
service providers may use cookies to collect information about your online activities across this
and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes. To learn more about how Google analytics
collects and processes data and the choices Google may offer to control these activities, you may
visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/.

---

Transferring your Personal Data (Otherwise known as Your Right to Data Portability). You have
the right to receive your personal data that you have provided us in a structured, commonly used
and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to another party of your choice,
where technically feasible. However, this right shall not apply where it would adversely affect the
rights and freedoms of others.

---

6. Security Safeguards.
LOGICLABS LIMITED takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized
access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith efforts
to store the information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is not
available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its
transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and
security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent
third-party "hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or
represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third
parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

---

9. Transfer of Personal Data Outside Your Country.
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties
across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the
world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection
laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to
enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you,
including personal data, as described in this Policy.

---

On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process
your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.

---

Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention,
improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers;
where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.

---

11. Specific Provisions for California Consumers
These additional provisions for California consumers apply only to individuals who reside in
California. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to
know, delete and opt out, and requires “businesses” collecting or disclosing personal information
to provide notice and a means to exercise those rights.

---

- Third parties with whom we may share your information

---

Right to Know and Right to Delete For any of the personal information described above, you can
request to know what personal information we collected, disclosed, used and sold, and request
that we delete your personal information at any time.

---

Upon verification of your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your
personal information from our records, unless retaining the information is necessary for us or our
service providers to complete the transaction with you, detect security incidents or fraud, fixing
errors, exercise free speech or another right provided by law, comply with legal obligations, or
other internal and lawful uses.

---

Right to Opt Out of Sale CCPA gives you a right to direct a business that sells your personal
information to stop selling your personal information and to refrain from doing so in the future. We
do not sell any of your personal information and will require our service providers not to sell your
personal information.

---

If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your rights under the CCPA or have any
questions or concerns, please email us at logiclablimited@gmail.com. In certain circumstances,
you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where (i) you
provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written
permission to act on your behalf and (ii) you successfully verify your own identity with us.