• We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to
control what information in the app is shared
publicly, what information is kept private, and what
information is permanently deleted.

---

• We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use,
and share your personal information.

---

("Site"), we offer podcast fans tools that make it easier
to discover and organize podcasts, and to customize the
listening experience. Below we explain how we collect,
use, and share information about you, along with the
choices that you have with respect to that information.

---

•
Information from Cookies & Other Technologies:
Like many online services, we use cookies to collect
information. A cookie is a string of information that a
website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the
visitor's browser provides to the website each time
the visitor returns. SDKs are third party software
integrated into an app that provide additional
functionality. Automattic uses cookies and other
technologies like SDKs to help us identify and track
visitors, usage, and access preferences for our
Services, as well as track and understand email
campaign effectiveness.

---

Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other
sources. For example:
• Third Party Account Information: When you
connect an account from another service we
typically get some basic information about your
account with them. For example, when you connect
Pocket Casts to your Apple or Google account in
order to log in, we may access certain user data
such as your name, user ID, email, etc. to provide
our Services.

---

How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited
circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards to
protect your privacy. These are spelled out below:
• Third Party Vendors: We may share information
about you with third party vendors, consultants, and
advisors who help us provide our Services or who
otherwise perform services for us. This includes
vendors that help us provide our Services to you
(like payment providers that process your credit and
debit card information, cloud storage services, and
customer chat and email support services that help
us communicate with you), those that assist us with

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

our marketing efforts (like sending emails to our
marketing list), those that help us understand and
enhance our Services (like analytics providers),
those that make tools to help us run our operations
(like programs that help us with task management,
scheduling, word processing, email and other
communications, and collaboration among our
teams), and other third-party tools that help us
manage operations. We require vendors to agree to
privacy commitments in order to share information
with them;
• Subsidiaries: We may disclose information about
you to a current or future parent company, any
subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies
under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), in
which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this
Privacy Policy;
• Business Transfers: In connection with any merger,
sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a
portion of our business by another company, or in
the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter
bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of
the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third
party. If any of these events were to happen, this
Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your
information and the party receiving your information
may continue to use your information, but only
consistent with this Privacy Policy;
• Legal, Regulatory, & Other Obligations: We may
disclose information about you if we believe in good
faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve
disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms
of Service; (b) comply with relevant laws, or
warrants, subpoenas, court orders, and other
enforceable legal process; or (c) protect the property
or rights belonging to Pocket Casts, you, third
parties, or the public at large. For example, if we
have a good faith belief that there is an imminent
danger of death or serious physical injury, we may
disclose the least amount of information as possible
to address the emergency without delay; and

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• With Your Consent: We may share and disclose
information with your consent or at your direction.
For example, we make publicly available your
podcast list or your end of year stats if you choose
to share either.

---

Anonymous Information
We reserve the right to disclose anonymous information
or other information that cannot reasonably be used to
identify you publicly without restriction.

---

• Opt out of our internal analytics program: You can
do this through your app settings. By opting out, you
will stop sharing information with our analytics tool
about events or actions that happen after the opt-
out.

---

US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents
with additional information about the categories of
personal information we collect and share, where we get
that personal information, and how and why we use it.

---

We collect personal information for the business and
commercial purposes described in the “How We Use
Information" section. And we share this information with
the categories of third parties described in the “How We
Share Information” section. We retain this information for
the length of time described in our “How Long We Keep
Information" section.

---

• Request a copy of the specific pieces of information
we collect about you and, if you're in California, to
know the categories of personal information we
collect, the categories of business or commercial
purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of
sources from which the information came, and the
categories of third parties we share it with;

---

• Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal
information;

---

When you contact us about one of your rights under this
section, we'll need to verify that you are the right person
before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if
you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the
email address associated with your account. You can
also designate an authorized agent to make a request on
your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may
still require you to verify your identity with us.

---

Third Party Software and Services
This Privacy Policy addresses only our use and
disclosure of information we collect from and/or about
you on our Services. If you'd like to use third party
software and services, any information you disclose to
that third party is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Our Sites may contain content or links to other websites
that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no
control over the privacy policies or content displayed on
websites run by third parties.

---

Transferring Information
Because our Services are offered worldwide, the
information about you that we process when you use the
Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or
accessed by individuals operating outside the European
Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

our group of companies, or third-party data processors.
This is required for the purposes listed in the “How We
Use the Information We Collect" section above.
When providing information about you to entities outside
the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure
that the recipient protects your personal information
adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as
required by applicable law. These measures include
entering into European Commission approved standard
contractual arrangements with entities based in
countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we
take to protect your personal information when
transferring it from the EU.