WHAT DO WE DO?
We offer you access to our application and web application (together: the App) that enables you to relive
your outdoor activities, explore new routes, meet people in communities and share your activities on our
App.
---
SECTION 2 - DATA COLLECTION
We may receive your data in a few different ways. We receive data you directly share with us, for example
when you create an account or when you upload certain activities. Sometimes we also collect data
ourselves, for example on how you use our Services. Finally, we may also receive data when you use third-
party service providers that we facilitate via our App. Below we have explained in more detail which data we
collect, how we use it and our legal motivation.
---
CONTENT DATA
We gather information from the photos, posts, comments, ratings, reviews, and other content you share on
the Services, including when you participate in challenges or create routes.
---
We process your activity data in order to provide our Services to you:
i. We can record your activities and analyze your performances, in order to provide you with the relevant
feedback;
ii. You can interact with other users on the App. This allows you to participate in challenges, follow other
users and communicate with each other;
iii. We can manage your training. For example, to set goals and use your training dashboard;
iv. Discover new places to go. For example, to discover routes where you can run or ride or to identify
points of interest;
v. To visualize your activities in new ways. For example, by creating personal heatmaps or personal
videos.
vi. To enrich the content in our App. For example, we can add publicly available photos of users to routes,
unless you have opted out for this functionality.
---
DATA FROM THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS
If you sign up via third parties (such as Google or Apple), we will receive profile data to create a Relive
account. If you cancel the process of signing up, we cannot provide you with our Services and we will not
save the data you entered.
We also collaborate with third party applications like Garmin and Polar Flow (Trackers). You should exercise
caution when sharing information through Trackers and you should carefully review the privacy practices of
these third parties. By connecting your account with a Tracker, you give Relive permission to transfer and
use data, provided by the Trackers, for the purposes of making a personal video or route. You can always
disconnect these Trackers via your settings, upon which we will stop collecting data related to your
activities and delete the imported data in accordance with the our retention periods.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• profile information on the third party service in order to fill and update your Relive profile;
• activity data: note that when you use Relive via a Tracker, the activity data may include health data
such as your heart rate. We are not able to delete this data as it is often embedded in the received
activity data.
---
Additionally, we use Snowplow to collect user experience data on the Website. This enables us to conduct
optimisations on the Website. We collect the following data via Snowplow:
• Timestamps
•
Details about the page visit
•
User agent details
•
Browser settings
•
Session identifier
•
Session index
The detailed information is stored for 30 days. We also collect pseudonymised IP information and a visitor
identifier based on a custom cookie which is valid for 30 days. This data is processed on the basis of
legitimate interest (improving the website experience). And none of the data is shared across domains.
---
We also use Unbounce as a third-party service on our landing pages (e.g. www.relive.com) to enhance our
website's functionality and improve user experience. Unbounce allows us to create, manage, and analyse
landing pages to better serve our visitors. This service may collect and store data, such as your IP address,
device information, and interaction with our landing pages. We utilise this data to optimize our content and
marketing efforts. Unbounce adheres to strict data protection standards, and any data shared with them is
managed in accordance with our privacy policy and relevant data protection laws. For more information on
data protection and security at Unbounce, click here (https://unbounce.com/security/)..
---
More specifically, we can:
•
•
•
•
Support community powered features: enable you to find new ways to interact through our Services.
For example, we allow users to explore each other's routes or allow users to participate in challenges.
Convert your data in aggregate form to enhance our Services: identify points of interest or popular
areas, customize the Service (e.g. suggesting routes, challenges, etc.) and create global heat maps.
Customize the Services: we may suggest routes or challenges that may interest you or new features
you may want to try.
Promote the Services: through Service-related email and product-related marketing campaigns to
make you aware of our Services.
---
LEGAL OBLIGATIONS OR TO ESTABLISH, EXERCISE OR
DEFEND LEGAL CLAIMS
We process data if we are required to do so by law, for example in the context of a legally valid and binding
legal action by a law enforcement agency to obtain certain data. In addition, we may be required to process
data to establish, bring or defend civil or criminal claims in connection with actual or potential litigation, for
example to protect Relive's services, our property or other legal rights, including those of our members or
partners.
---
Please note that content you have shared with other users, for example photos, may remain visible even
after you delete your account. We cannot delete the Personal Data you publicly shared, such as photos or
videos you shared via social media. In addition, your public profile may appear in search engine results until
the search engine refreshes its cache.
---
SECTION 5 – DATA SHARING
PROCESSORS
We may share your Personal Data with third parties that provide Services to Relive. These are Processors
within the meaning of the Relevant Legislation. Processors are given access only to the Personal Data they
need to perform these limited tasks on our behalf and are obligated to protect and safeguard your Personal
Data. In addition, we agree with Processors that they will handle your Personal Data with care. We might
share the following Personal Data with Processors:
•
Payment providers – your payment data for the execution of payment services;
• Google Analytics – your behaviour on our Website and App, to help us improve our Services;
•
Wufoo - your email address, to provide you with contact forms.
•
Cloud and hosting providers - relevant data for the hosting and storage of our App;
THIRD PARTIES
Relives provides an Application Programming Interface (API) to enable easy Personal Data sharing between
Relive and Trackers of your choice. Relive will only share your Personal Data with Trackers, if you have given
your explicit consent by authorizing Tracker to do so. When you authorize Trackers to access your Personal
Data stored on Relive on your behalf, the use of your Personal Data by the Tracker is governed by the
relationship between you and the Tracker (e.g.: their privacy policy). Relive is not responsible for these
Trackers or how they process your Personal Data.
---
OTHER
If we have a legal obligation to share your Personal Data, we will do so. This is the case, for example, if a
public authority legally requires us to share your Personal Data.
---
TRANSFER
We shall process your Personal Data within the European Economic Area (EEA) to the extent possible. We
will only process your Personal Data outside the EEA if that country offers an appropriate level of protection
for your Personal Data. For the transfer of Personal Data we use, where appropriate, standard contractual
clauses (SCC) approved by the European Commission. We shall never transfer your Personal Data to
countries or parties other than those mentioned above without your consent.
---
SECTION 6 – PRIVACY SETTINGS
We offer a variety of tools to manage the sharing of your information and encourage you to customize the
settings to your desired experience.
---
PROFILE PRIVACY
When you sign up for an account on Relive, you can choose in your settings between Everyone and
Followers. If you set your account to Everyone, your Personal Data will be visible to everyone using our App
and on the web. If you set your account to Followers, your Personal Data will only be visible to your
approved followers. When you join Relive, your account is set to Everyone by default. You can change this at
any time in the privacy settings. Some parts of your profile, such as your (user)name and profile picture, will
always be publicly available to other users.
---
ACTIVITY PRIVACY
An activity can be Public or Private. When you join Relive, your activities are in default set to Public,
whether you set your account to Everyone or Followers. Public means that your activities can be found in
the App in various places, depending on your profile settings. You can also set any activity to Private. An
activity set to private will not be used for any purpose.
---
AGGREGATED DATA USE
We may aggregate the information you and others make available to Relive to enhance the service. For
example – we may aggregate your activity data to identify popular routes or points of interest to share with
the community. When you join Relive your account is set to allow aggregated data use by default. You can
change this at any time in the privacy settings.
---
PUBLIC PHOTOS ON ROUTES
We may show photos that you have chosen to upload to Relive to other users when they are viewing Routes
in our app. We do this by default for profiles set to Everyone who have activities set to Public. You can opt
out of this at any time in the privacy settings.
---
Trackers may also allow you to create privacy zones. Please note that Trackers might not always accurately
share this data with us, but rather give us the unfiltered data. If you see your route within your privacy zone,
we advise you to contact the relevant Tracker to stop sharing locations within your privacy zone.
---
• Right to data portability - you can request a copy of your Personal Data. We can provide this copy to
third parties at your request.