Privacy and personal data protection principles vary from one country to another. When you access or visit
a third party website or application, you are subject to the privacy policy of that website or application.
Please read the third party's privacy policy to determine the privacy practices that apply to information or
data maintained by the website or application.
---
User content: We will collect any user content you create, share, or post to the Application, which may
include information contained in your user account, as well as photos or other image files and associated
metadata. Please note that other users of the Application may be able to download and extract any images
shared publicly on the Application.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Financial Data: We utilize Apple and Google to process all financial transactions and Glority is not provided
with any personal data related to your transaction.
---
Please note that we may share your activity logs with Apple to help verify your usage of the app if you
request a refund. This process simply ensures a fair and transparent review of any accidental subscription
claims, and your privacy is important to us.
---
Cookies: Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain
features and functionality. We and our service providers use cookies to automatically collect information,
measure and analyze which pages you click on and how you use the application, enhance your experience
using the application, improve our services. Cookies may include information such as your login or
registration identification, user preferences, time spent on a website and pages visited. We may also use
third-party tracking technology to record similar information regarding you and your activity on the
Application. Google Analytics may collect your IP address, data related to the device/browser, or other
information about your use of the Application and may do so using cookies. Google Analytics' data practices
are governed by the Google Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. By using the
Application, you consent to our use of Cookies.
---
Additionally, we allow our service providers (including analytics vendors and advertising networks) to collect
information about your online activities through cookies. These third parties may use this information to
display advertisements on our application and elsewhere online tailored to your interests, preferences, and
characteristics. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information
practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
---
Current versions of web browsers also offer user controls regarding the placement and duration of both first
and third-party cookies. You can find information about this and find more information about cookies at
https://www.allaboutcookies.org. If you are interested in more information about behavioral advertising
especially how to opt-out of these cookies, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
---
II. How Information Is Used
Purpose
To share data with our service providers, such as those that host
data for us, including Amazon Web Services
To share data with our affiliates
To market our products and services as well as enable third
parties to provide advertisements to you via the Application
To respond to law enforcement organization, or other government
officials where we have a legal obligation, including complying with
legal demands and complying with production and court orders.
We will notify user of the information request or submission as,
and if, allowed.
The day to day running and management of the business
including to monitor, maintain and improve the processes,
information and data, technology and communications solutions
and services we use; protect our legal rights and interests; and
share such personal information with third parties that acquire or
are interested in acquiring all or part of our assets or shares, or
that succeeds us in carrying on our business;
Legal Basis
We have a legitimate interest in
using vendors to provide business
services
We have a legitimate interest in
improving our services
We have a legitimate interest in
promoting our products and services
and generating advertising revenue,
and give you choices about whether
or not to use our advertising
supported free application option
We have a legitimate interest in
complying with applicable legal or
regulatory obligations
We have a legitimate interest to
manage our business including to
maintain ongoing operations and to
improve and strengthen our
operations
--- [SECTION: III. Information That Is Not Covered By This Privacy Policy] ---
III. Information That Is Not Covered By This Privacy Policy
We may allow you to communicate with other users of the Application and post information using message
boards and other similar features available through the Application. NONE of the information that you
provide using these features is protected by this Privacy Policy. You should consult the privacy practices of
these third parties before sharing your information with third parties.
--- [SECTION: V. Data Rights] ---
You have the right (subject to certain limitations) to: (i) request access to personal information we hold
about you; (ii) the correction of your personal information when incorrect, out of date or incomplete; (iii)
request that we delete your personal information; (iv) opt-out of any marketing communications that we may
send to you and to object to us using / holding your personal information if we have no legitimate reason to
do so; and (iii) the portability of personal information i.e., ask for a copy of your personal information to be
provided to you, or a third party, in a digital format. Where we are relying on your consent to handle your
personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent to this use at any time. We do not sell
personal information to third parties for their own business/commercial uses.
---
California residents may request certain information about our disclosure of personal data during the prior
calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal data with
third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes.
--- [SECTION: VI. Security] ---
VI. Security
We maintain security standards and procedures designed to prevent unauthorized access to your data by
anyone, including our staff. We use commercially reasonable means such as (but not limited to) data
encryption, firewalls and server authentication to protect the security of your personal information. The
Company and our staff and any third parties hired to provide support services will be required to observe
our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance. However, no information security
defenses are impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our applications, servers or databases,
nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over
the Internet.
--- [SECTION: VII. International Audience] ---
VII. International Audience
The Application is hosted in the United States. Therefore, personal information collected from you, including
via the Application, will be transferred to the United States. Such transfer may not provide a similar level of
protection to that provided by countries in foreign jurisdictions. As discussed above, we have a legitimate
interest in utilizing service providers in the United States to provide you with the services.
Please do not use the Application if you do not agree to the transfer and processing of your personal
information in the United States or if it is illegal to do so in your home country.