This policy discloses the privacy practices of WeatherBug properties (referred to as "we," "us,"
"our," "WeatherBug"). These include the website https://www.weatherbug.com, and the
WeatherBug desktop and mobile applications (collectively, "the Services"). This privacy policy
describes how WeatherBug collects, uses, shares, and secures the personal information you
provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use, access and correction
of your personal information. WeatherBug is a division of xAd, Inc. dba Ground Truth
("Ground Truth"). To learn more about GroundTruth and its privacy practices, please
visit https://www.groundtruth.com/privacy-policy.

---

WeatherBug's Privacy Policy, below, describes the types of personal data WeatherBug collects,
the types of third parties to which it discloses personal data, and the purposes for which it does
so. For information on opting out of interest-based advertising delivered on WeatherBug
Services, please see the Digital Advertising & Your Choices section of this Policy below.

---

We use location information to operate and enhance our service as well as customize the
content, weather alerts, and advertising we provide to you. We may also share location
information with our affiliates including GroundTruth to enable product features and for
advertising and reporting purposes. Visit the Digital Advertising & Your Choices section to learn
how to control the collection and use of location information.

---

Tracking Technologies
WeatherBug and our partners, affiliates, analytics, or service providers use cookies, beacons,
tags, scripts, device identifiers, or similar technologies to analyze trends and use of our
Services, administer the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on a user-
level and aggregated basis. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level,
but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on
our Website or service. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. To learn more about the
use of such data collected through these technologies, visit the Digital Advertising & Your
Choices section.

---

Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive through analytical techniques with third parties
for a variety of purposes, including:
• With our affiliates and with other divisions of GroundTruth for their own use;
• With service providers that help provide the Services pursuant to our instructions, such as
ad serving;
• With third parties for their own direct marketing or targeted advertising purposes;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• For analytics and research purposes;
• As part of a corporate sale, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our
assets including at bankruptcy;
• In response to a court order, warrant, subpoena, or other legal process, or as otherwise
required by law or to meet national security requirements, or when we believe in good faith
that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the rights of third
parties, investigate fraud, or respond to government request; or
• With your consent.

---

Also, when you share information through our Services, such as photos or videos, some
information about you may be made available to the public. If you would like us to remove your
post from the page or application, contact us at privacy@weatherbug.com.

---

Digital Advertising & Your Choices
We may partner with GroundTruth and with various third parties that engage in interest-based
advertising ("IBA"). This type of advertising involves the collection of web viewing, location-
related information and mobile application use data from our Services and other non-affiliated
websites and mobile applications over time and across associated devices. This data is used to
infer interests and deliver relevant advertising back to a browser or device, and to browsers and
devices that are associated with each other. WeatherBug adheres to the Digital Advertising
Alliance's ("DAA”) self-regulatory principles. Browser Choice: For more information about IBA,
and to learn how you can exercise choice regarding the practice on your browser for companies
that participate in the DAA WebChoices tool, you can
visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or TrustArc (click here).

---

Location Data Choice: The DAA's AppChoices tool can also be used to exercise choice
regarding the collection and use of precise location data by GroundTruth for IBA purposes. To
limit the collection of precise location data by other parties through our application for a
particular device, you can turn location services off through your device's settings.

---

For more information regarding the partners with whom we may share your data for uses other
than the provision of our services or advertising purposes, click here.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our Websites. This
service provides usage information including but not limited to data on where visitors came
from, what actions they took on our Sites, and where visitors went when they left our Sites. We
use this information to improve your experience when visiting our Website. Please click here to
learn more about this service and how to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics.

---

U.S. State Privacy Rights Specific U.S. states grant individuals rights under state privacy laws
with respect to personal information we collect. If you are subject to the privacy laws of such
states, this section of the Privacy Policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights
that may be available to you. Our use of the terms "sell" and "share" below generally refers to
these California definitions. Consumers with disabilities may access this notice by utilizing
standard screen readers.
Personal Information We Collect, Process, Disclose, and Sell/Share
We collect the categories of personal information identified in the chart below. As further set
forth in the chart below, we have disclosed and sold or shared personal information about
certain states residents to third parties for business or commercial purposes.

---

| Categories of Personal Information | Categories of sources from which information is collected: | Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: | Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: | Sold to or shared with the following categories of third parties: |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Personal identifiers (such as first and last name, email address) | Consumers | Marketing; Auditing; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; and Other one-time uses. | This information is not disclosed to third parties in the past 12 months. | This information was not sold in the past 12 months to third parties |
| Online identifiers (such as unique online identifiers) | Consumers and Other third party partners | Advertising; Targeted advertising; Marketing; Data analytics and insights; Reporting and fraud prevention; Auditing; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | Other third party partners |
| Demographic information (such as gender) | Consumers | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | This information was not sold in the past 12 months to third parties. |
| Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement) | Consumers and Service providers; | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | Companies for which we provide advertising services. |
| Geolocation information | Consumers. | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Performing services (for us or our service | Service Providers | Other third party partners |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

| Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences | Other third party partners | improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | This information is not disclosed to third parties in the past 12 months. | This information was not disclosed to third parties in the past 12 months. |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above | Consumers; | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | Other third party partners |
| Employee and job applicant data, which may include the categories of personal information listed above that are collected during the job application process and while individuals are WeatherBug employees | Consumers; service providers; and other third party partners | Processing your application. Using your information in connection with your employment roles and responsibilities. This includes, for example: Providing you with services and tools to use in connection with your employment, such as email service and information technologies; Responding to your requests; Maintaining compliance with our policies and procedures; Paying you and administering your employment benefits, including those provided to other individuals like family members; and Responding to emergencies or safety concerns, such as by maintaining and using your emergency contact information. Other business purposes as identified in the CCPA, which include: Auditing related to our interactions with you; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our business; and Other one-time uses. | Service providers | This information was not sold in the past 12 months to third parties |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.

---

We may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without limitation.

---

We may use and share aggregated and deidentified information to the extent permitted by
applicable law. When we use deidentified information, we maintain and use the information in
deidentified form and do not attempt to reidentify it, except to check whether our deidentification
processes satisfy the requirements of applicable law.

---

• The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect,
use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected
personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the
categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business
purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared
personal information;

---

• The right to opt out of (i) the sharing of personal information for targeted advertising or (ii)
the sale of personal information. Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales,
we may be unable to provide you with the services that rely on such sales. Additionally, we
do not knowingly sell or share personal data of individuals under 18.

---

• Choice Regarding Sensitive Information. We may use or disclose the sensitive
information that we collect from you for purposes that require an opt-out opportunity under
the law. Depending on your state, you may have the right to:
• Limit our use or disclosure of certain “sensitive” personal information about you;
• Opt out of our processing of certain “sensitive” personal information; or
• Withdraw consent for such processing if you previously gave it.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• To exercise the right to opt out and/or limit sensitive data processing, online at
https://www.weatherbug.com/privacyfeedback. We may use and disclose sensitive
personal information for the purposes described above, including for advertising.

---

• You can also exercise your right to opt out of the sale/sharing of your personal information,
and/or limit sensitive data processing: (i) automatically through the WeatherBug mobile
application by opening the application in one of the states granting individuals rights under
state privacy laws, clicking on the menu icon in top left corner, clicking on the
About/Privacy link, clicking the State Privacy Rights link from the About/Privacy page, and
then selecting the right(s) you would like to exercise; and (ii) automatically through the
WeatherBug website by opening the website in specific states, and then clicking on the
applicable link located at the bottom of the website for the right(s) you would like to
exercise. Please note, this feature is only available in versions 5.51 and later of the
WeatherBug mobile application.

---

Further, Oregon residents may exercise the right to obtain a list of the third parties to which we
have disclosed personal information, in the manner set forth above.

---

Universal opt-out mechanisms (“UOOMs”): Under some applicable state laws, certain
mechanisms or technologies may be used to signal your opt-out preferences to entities that
process personal data. To the extent that we are able to recognize signals from these UOOMs
and they are legally sufficient, we will process these signals as requests to opt out of sales or
processing for the purposes of targeted advertising. Depending on the UOOM you select, the
opt-out may apply only to certain interactions, such as a specific browser or device. You may
select and install a UOOM of your preference per the provider’s instructions

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

© GroundTruth, 2025. WeatherBug is a brand of GroundTruth. All Rights Reserved. Terms | Privacy | Do Not
Sell/Share My Personal Information | Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information | U.S. States Privacy
Rights | Partners | Ad Choices | Sitemap | USA | FAQ | WeatherBug for Advertisers