Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: IP address,
Cookies, Usage Data, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example), geographic
position (only if the tracking option is enabled on their device), Precise location permission (continuous), Approximate
location permission (continuous) and geographic position.

---
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this
Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in
the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.

---
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm
that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.

---
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and
modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to
certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal,
system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT
companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these
parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.

---
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
•
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be
allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing ("opt-out”), without having to rely on
consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal
Data is subject to European data protection law;
•
•
•
•
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual
obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in
the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.

---
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing
are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own.
To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details
about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any
international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and
about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with
the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.

---
Approximate location permission (continuous)
Used for accessing the User's approximate device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data
in order to provide location-based services.

---
Precise location permission (continuous)
Used for accessing the User's precise device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in
order to provide location-based services.

---
We may collect and share coarse location data with third parties for the purposes of IP to Geo-based ad-targeting, digital
rights management, fraud prevention and cyber-security.

---
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of
banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown
below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting
technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User's interests and behavior, including those detected outside this
Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of
cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.
Personal Data collected: IP address, Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for
example) and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy - Opt Out.

---
Appodeal
Personal Data: IP address, Cookies, location, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for
example) and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.

---
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep
track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. In order to
understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication,
Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other
tools used by the Owner.
This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS,
respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising
settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if
available.
Personal Data collected: IP address, Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for
example) and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.
Low Lag Labs
We've partnered with Low Lag Labs to help provide users with better connectivity and in-app experience on wireless
networks (because nobody likes laggy internet).
Low Lag Labs may collect data relating to network performance (including location and identifiers such as network
names, resettable ID, BSSID, IP Address, and other access point information) for the purposes of providing us app
performance analytics and connectivity insights, and to support the creation of aggregated reports or anonymized
insights for the telecom ecosystem.
Low Lag Labs does not sell personal data. You can learn more at lowlaglabs.com/privacy-policy. This data is only
collected if you consent, and you may opt-out at any time by revoking this app's location permissions from your device
settings.
Opensignal
We've partnered with Opensignal to help improve the performance and reliability of this app and wireless networks while
respecting your privacy.
Opensignal does not collect any information that directly identifies you or your device, and does not sell personal data
about you. Opensignal is the independent global standard for helping telecom ecosystem companies better understand
and improve network coverage to improve connectivity.
If you grant this application location permissions, Opensignal may collect data relating to the wireless network
performance your device experiences, and that may include the following types of personal information and/or personal
data: Geolocation data, identifiers (e.g. network names, resettable IDs, BSSIDs, and other access point information),
and app state. Opensignal uses this data to gather information on network experience and create aggregated reports
and/or data solutions including anonymized location, for example by plotting network performance on a map to convey
general coverage.

---
You can learn more about Opensignal's privacy policy here. To opt-out of data collection by Opensignal, please revoke
this application's location permissions from your device settings.

---
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance,
operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services,
whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Crashlytics (Google Inc.)
Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: geographic position, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for
example) and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.

---
Location-based interactions
Geolocation (this Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been
provided, the User's location data may be tracked by this Application.
Personal Data collected: geographic position.

---
Sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact
information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well
as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Firebase Notifications (Google Inc.)
Firebase Notifications is a message sending service provided by Google Inc. Firebase Notifications can be integrated
with Firebase Analytics to target analytics-based audiences and track opening and conversion events.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.

---
•
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a
structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another
controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means
and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual
obligations thereof.

---
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.

---
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record
interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.

---
How 'Do Not Track' requests are handled
This Application does not support 'Do Not Track' requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the 'Do Not Track' requests, please read their privacy
policies.

---
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application),
which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this
Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the
request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's
answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system
utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the
details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and
other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.

---
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the
Controller, as described in this privacy policy.

---
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the
purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation
and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.