We, Dream Games Teknoloji A.Ş. (as of November 1,
2025, we will become Dream Games Dijital Teknolojiler
A.Ş.), are a technology company that designs, develops
and operates mobile games. With this Privacy Policy, we
explain how and why we collect, store, use, disclose and
otherwise process personal data that we collect via our
website, online advertisements and mobile games
(collectively, our "Services"). This Privacy Policy does not
apply to any other data we collect, such as data we
collect offline, from job applicants, or from employees.

---
Personal Data Collected from Third Parties
Most of the personal data that we collect about you
comes directly from you when you play our games or
interact with our Services. However, we may also collect
personal data from third parties in the following
circumstances:
• Social Media: When you interact with our Services
through various social media networks, such as when
you "Like" our official page on Facebook or follow us,
or share our official page's content on Google,
Facebook, X, or other social networks, we may receive
some information about you. The data we receive
depends on your privacy settings with the social
network and may include name, profile picture and
friends list. You should always review and, if necessary,
adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites,
social media networks, and services before making
your personal data publicly available and/or linking or
connecting your account on one service to other
services.

---
• Information we receive from authentication services
you connect to our Service: Some parts of our
Services may allow you to log in through a third-party
social network or authentication service, such as
Facebook, Google and Apple. These services will
authenticate your identity and provide you the option
to share certain personal data with us, which could
include your name, email address and user ID
associated with the third party, profile picture, and, in
the case of Facebook, the names and avatars of your
Facebook friends who are already playing our games.
The data we receive is dependent on that third party's
policies and your privacy settings on that third-party
site. Where available, you will also be able to see
which of your friends are playing the same game and
their progress through the games (and they will be
able to see you and your progress) or access other
functionality we make available in our games and
other Services, such as inviting friends to play. You can
choose not to allow us to access your email address in
the Facebook dialog box you see the first time you
associate your Facebook account with your Dream
Games profile.
Logging in with Facebook will not allow us to post
anything to your page without your permission, and
we will not receive any information about your
Facebook friends who do not play our games. If you
do not wish your Facebook friends to be able to see
your progress in our games, you can prevent this by
disconnecting your Facebook account from our games
and updating your app permissions from within your
Facebook settings.
If you choose not to connect your Dream Games
profile to your Facebook, Google or Apple account,
the personal data that we collect when you play our
games will be linked to a randomly generated user ID
rather than information that could identify you directly,
but we will collect device-level identifiers and other
information associated with those identifiers described
above. We recommend that you read Facebook's
Privacy Policy, and review your privacy settings from
time to time to ensure that you understand fully how
your Facebook data is shared.

---
• Other Sources: We may also collect personal data
from publicly available sources, third parties who
obtain your prior consent to send us your personal
data, or through transactions such as mergers and
acquisitions.

---
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may disclose personal data to the following types of
third parties and in the below-mentioned circumstances.
• Other Users in Your Online Community: If you
participate in any of our online communities or send a
virtual gift of virtual items to other users on our
Services, we may disclose your profile information to
other online community members, including your
screen name, profile picture or avatar, your in-game
scores and achievements, the gifted items, and any
other information you choose to include in the profile
shown to other online community members.
• Contests, Sweepstakes, and Survey Providers: We
may disclose personal data to third parties who assist
us in delivering our contests, sweepstakes, or survey
offerings and processing the responses.
• Service Providers: We may disclose your personal
data to our service providers. The types of service
providers (data processors) to whom we entrust
personal data include companies that (i) provide us
with IT and related services; (ii) assist us with customer
service activities; (iii) provide analytics and search
engine services that assist us in the improvement and
optimization of our Services; and (iv) provide any
supporting activities in connection with our Services.
We have executed appropriate contracts with the
service providers that prohibit them from using or
sharing personal data except as necessary to perform
the contracted services on our behalf or to comply
with applicable legal requirements.
• Disclosures to Protect Our Rights, Your Rights or the
Rights of Others (e.g., as Required by Law and
Similar Disclosures): We may access, preserve, and
disclose your personal data to third parties, such as
legal advisors and law enforcement authorities, if we
believe doing so is required or appropriate: (i) to
comply with law enforcement or national security
requests and legal processes, such as a court order or
subpoena; (ii) to respond to your requests; (iii) to
protect your, our or others' rights, property or safety;
(iv) to enforce our policies or contracts; (v) to collect
amounts owed to us; (vi) when we believe disclosure is
necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or
financial loss or in connection with an investigation or
prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; (vii)
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or
defense of legal claims; or (viii) if we, in good faith,
believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or
advisable.

---
• Ad Networks and Advertising Partners: We work with
third-party ad networks and advertising partners to
deliver advertising and personalized content on
websites and services that we do not operate, and
across other devices. These parties may collect
information directly from a browser or device when an
individual visits our Services through cookies or other
data collection technologies. This information is used
to provide and inform our targeted advertising, as well
as to provide advertising-related services such as
reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Please see Section 5 (Targeted Advertising) below for
more information. Where permitted by applicable
laws, we may also disclose personal data to our
advertising partners to help them send you
information that we believe will be of interest to you.
• With Your Consent: We may disclose personal data
about an individual to certain other third parties or
publicly with their consent or direction. For example,
with an individual's consent or direction, we may post
their testimonial on our websites or other Services.
• Sale of Assets and Change of Control: We may
disclose personal data to potential acquirers of our
business assets and their representatives for the
purposes of evaluating and entering into business
transactions.

---
5. TARGETED ADVERTISING
We rely on third-party advertising networks and other
advertising technology providers (“AdTech Providers”) to
serve targeted online ads at users of other companies'
websites, games and online services. These ads are
targeted at users that we or AdTech Providers believe
would be interested in our Services. To enable these
targeted ads, we may disclose the following types of
personal data about players of our mobile games and
viewers of our ads to AdTech Providers:
• Identifier For Advertisers (IDFA) and Google
Advertising ID
• IP address
• What Services of ours they have used
• Date and time of when they used our Services
• Inferred interests
AdTech Providers use this information to make the online
ads users see more relevant to their interests and provide
advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution,
analytics and market research. AdTech Providers combine
the personal data that we disclose to them with data they
may have collected about the same individuals elsewhere,
such as when those individuals use other websites and
online services that rely on the same AdTech Providers.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and
use of your personal data by AdTech Providers. We
recommend that you review AdTech Providers' privacy
policies for more information. A list of some AdTech
Providers we rely on and their privacy policies can be
found here.

---
Delete or Reset our Services: If you delete our games
from your mobile device, we will no longer collect
personal data via our games on your mobile device and
any data associated with our Services that is stored on
your device (which may include your game progress) may
be deleted. However, we may still process any personal
data we collected from you before you deleted our games
from your mobile device. You can also reset your mobile
advertising identifier using your phone, in which case you
will appear to us and our advertising partners as a new
user that is not associated with any prior activity or data.

---
• Right to opt out of:
o Targeted advertising: If you play our games, we
may use your personal data for targeted
advertising purposes as described in Section 5
above. You may opt out in-game by going to
Settings > Terms & Privacy.
o Selling: Some of the laws that apply to our
processing of personal data qualify some of our
disclosures of personal data to AdTech Providers as
"selling” personal data. You may have the right to
direct us not to sell your personal data to third
parties. You may opt out of such disclosures in-
game by going to Settings > Terms & Privacy.

---
9. SECURITY
We maintain physical, technical, electronic and
procedural measures intended to protect personal data
from unauthorized processing, including firewalls, data
encryption technologies, internal data security protocols
and data protection and processing agreements with
organizations that receive your personal data from us.
However, no server, computer or communications
network or system, or data transmission over the internet
can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while
we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure
or warrant the security of any personal data you transmit
to us or through our Services.

---
10. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Our Services may include links to third-party websites,
plug-ins and applications. Except where we post, link to
or expressly adopt or refer to this Privacy Policy, this
Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not
responsible for, any personal data practices of third-party
websites and online services or the practices of third
parties. To learn about the personal data practices of third
parties, please visit their respective privacy policies.