Non-Personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not
directly identify you. The types of non-personal data FLAVAPP may collect and use
include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to
application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checking (include
like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all FLAVAPP users. FLAVAPP may use
and disclose to FLAVAPP partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for
purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and
providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other FLAVAPP services
and products. You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by FLAVAPP
may combine the information collected with other information they have independently
collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies
collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
---
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
FLAVAPP collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the
business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however,
occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, FLAVAPP may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its
subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy. FLAVAPP may hire agents and
contractors to collect and process personal data on FLAVAPP's behalf and in such cases
such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to
use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by
FLAVAPP. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own
marketing purposes. FLAVAPP may use third party service providers such as credit card
processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business
intelligence providers. FLAVAPP has the right to share your personal data as necessary for
the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for FLAVAPP. FLAVAPP is not
liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory
law. FLAVAPP may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law
enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud,
intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or
FLAVAPP to legal liability. FLAVAPP may also disclose your personal data to third parties
when FLAVAPP has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential
or actual injury or interference with FLAVAPP's rights, property, operations, users or
others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or FLAVAPP believes that such
disclosure is necessary to protect FLAVAPP 's rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a
judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on FLAVAPP. To the extent
permitted by applicable law, FLAVAPP will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such
disclosure through FLAVAPP's website or in another reasonable manner.
---
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features
of the Services FLAVAPP may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data
about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any
data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public
information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. FLAVAPP is not
responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
---
Other
FLAVAPP may store and/or transfer your personal
data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United
States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. FLAVAPP may
disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger,
consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of FLAVAPP's stock and/or assets
or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due
diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such
personal data.
---
Other
FLAVAPP regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If
FLAVAPP receives a formal written complaint from you, it is FLAVAPP's policy to attempt
to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. FLAVAPP will cooperate with the
appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any
complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that
cannot be amicably resolved between you and FLAVAPP.
---
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance
with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication
purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on FLAVAPP apps,
possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy –
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Analytics
3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better
understand our audience and user behavior.
Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the
collected data to track and examine the use of FLAVAPP Apps, to prepare reports on user
activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data to
contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
(http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)