The features of the Service enable you to find places
and addresses on a map, interact with them and access relevant
content, locate yourself on a map, as well as to enable you to use
transportation provided by third parties and facilitated by us.
With navigation you are able to find the optimal route to your
destination, even inside buildings. You can relive and share your
location experiences with your friends on different Social
Networking Services (“SNS”).

---

We encourage you to familiarise yourself with the privacy policies
of third party services, when you interact with them. HERE is not
in control or responsible for the contents and features of third
party services.

---

Information Provided to Transport Providers

When you book a ride with your chosen Transport Provider, we
provide the relevant Transport Provider with the following
information: your name, phone number, pick-up and drop-off
locations, pick up time, and any additional information that you
chose to provide us with.

---

Information Provided by Transport Providers

After you book a ride with your chosen Transport Provider, we will
show you the location of the driver that will pick you up, if it is
provided to us from the relevant Transport Provider, on a map or
by any other relevant means, until your ride ends. This data is
provided to you, so that you may know where your driver is and
may track the progress of the ride.

---

The Service may send your Location Data to HERE when you use
location enabled features of the Service, such as enable
navigation, ask information about nearby services or offerings,
use search features, provide you with relevant offers from
Transport Providers and public transportation vendors, as well as
when the Service asks for new maps for new areas you have
navigated into. Location Data may also be collected when you use
the traffic feature for service improvement purposes without
identifying you personally. Place Information may be sent to HERE
for example when you synchronise your collections.

---

The Service may include HERE-provided positioning services,
including Wi-Fi or other network-based positioning methods. The
use of these technologies and positioning services may involve
sharing any or all of the following with HERE: Location Data,
speed, direction and timestamp; number of satellites used in
positioning; parameters of nearby mobile network towers;
parameters of nearby Wi-Fi routers and/or Bluetooth® beacons;
Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code of your mobile
subscription. This information is sent to us when you use the
Service, after which it is deleted from your device. We do not use
this data to identify you personally or combine this information
with your HERE account. For more information, please see HERE
Privacy Notice at Data contribution for HERE Network Positioning
via HERE Software Development Kit (SDK) | Legal, security, privacy
and compliance.

---

Cookies and Related Technologies

We use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies for
purposes such as: to operate and improve the Service, our
websites related services, serve and measure the effectiveness of
advertising campaigns, and analyze the Service traffic and trends,
and the online behaviors and interests of users who interact with
the Service. Please visit our Cookie Policy to find out more about
how we use cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser
settings or otherwise.

---

We may use elements provided by third-parties such as cookies,
web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies that are
placed by these third parties on our behalf to identify your device
when you visit our websites and use the Service, as well as when
you visit other online sites and services. We use the services of
these third parties to provide us with audience measurement and
analytics services, to serve advertisements on our behalf across
the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of such
advertisements. Third parties use of cookies, web beacons, SDKs,
and other similar technologies is governed by the privacy notices
of those third parties, and this Privacy Supplement does not
apply to the data processing activities of those third parties. We
do not control how third-party partners process your data, and
we encourage you to visit their websites to learn more about their
privacy practices.

---

We use Amplitude for Service analytics and to determine which
areas of the Service users like and don't like, based on traffic to
those areas, and allows us to collect metrics on how users
interact with the Service. This helps us continue to build a better
service for you. You can learn more about how Amplitude
protects your personal data by clicking here:
https://amplitude.com/privacy.

---

We also collect social media handles, content, and other data
posted on our official social media pages and information (such
as email address and other information) you allow to be shared
through our social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins.

---

Please note that we may use and/or share your non-personal
data, including in aggregated form, without restriction, including
with existing and prospective third-party business partners,
researchers and advertisers.

---

The Service may also include behaviorally profiled
advertisements. For the purposes of providing relevant
advertisements to you, we may share your device specific
advertising ID to advertising networks.

---

Our legitimate interests are: (i) investigating, preventing, and
protecting against fraud, security risks, threats to you and others,
and violations of this Privacy Supplement or the Terms; (ii)
protecting and defending our rights and properties, including
intellectual property; (iii) complying with laws and regulations
that apply to us, as well as responding to requests from law
enforcement or government authorities or as otherwise required
by law; (iv) understanding and improving the usage of our
services and products, user experience, and customer
relationships; (v) providing an optimized and enhanced user
experience; (vi) maintaining and improving our Service; (vii)
developing new services and features for our users; and (viii)
communicating with you regarding the Service and, as
appropriate, promoting and advertising certain functions
available within the Service.

---

How your Information is shared or disclosed?

Your Location Data will not be shared with other service providers
or advertisers without your permission.

---

The Service may allow you to share your Location Data or Place
Information with a social network or directly with your friends.
The Service also includes content from and links to third party
sites and services. When you interact with these sites and
services, you may provide your current location to them. We
recommend that you check your settings and the privacy policies
of such social networks or other third parties to understand how
they process your information.

---

When you choose to use public transportation services that
Transport Providers, or other third parties may provide or offer to
you via the Service, such as taxi rides, bus rides or other
transportation means, we will share the following information
about you with the relevant Transport Providers to facilitate the
ride: your name, phone number, pick-up and drop-of locations
(subject to applicable law).

---

We may use third parties to advertise our content or Service on
other online or any Service-based social networking platforms.
When you interact with our advertisements on these platforms,
such as clicking on the advertisement, the advertiser or social
networking platform collects information such as the platform on
which the advertisement appeared, the advertiser ID (if
applicable), publisher ID (if applicable) and geolocation. These
third-party platforms may use web technologies, such as cookies,
to enable us to display promotional materials when you visit
other websites, or other targeting and retargeting technologies, to
enable us to display promotional materials when you visit other
websites, applications or social networking platforms. The
collection and use of your personal data by such third-party
platforms is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of
those third parties. This Privacy Supplement does not apply to
such third-party platforms processing your data, and we are not
responsible for their processing activities. We encourage you to
review the terms of use and privacy policies of the social
platforms where you see our advertising content.

---

We may share your personal data as set forth herein below or as
may be explained in more detail in our Privacy Policy:

(1) with your consent;

(2) with HERE companies;

(3) with authorised third parties, who process personal data on
our behalf for purposes described in this Privacy Supplement. The
following are the categories of third-party service providers that
we use: (i) analytics and product optimization tools, (ii) beta
testing platforms, (iii) user communication services, (iv) hosting
services, (v) technical support services; (vi) user acquisition
tracking services; (vii) viral campaign tracking services; and (viii)
targeting and retargeting services;

(4) As required as part of any mergers and acquisitions we
undergo; and

(5) As required by law or in relation to legal proceedings.

---

Right to portability of your personal data to you or to a third
party. If you so request, we shall provide you, or a third party that
you have chosen, with a copy of certain personal data in a
structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please
note that this right only applies to information that you initially
provided consent for us to use or where we used the information
to perform our contract with you.

---

Right to object to processing of your personal data where we are
relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and
there is something about your particular situation that makes you
want to object to processing on this ground and we will consider
whether we have compelling reasons to continue to process your
data.

---

We advise you to use appropriate consideration when you name
your collections. For example, if you do not want all the users of
the Service to know the location of your home, do not name the
location of your home “home” and share it with all users.

---

Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a resident of the State of California and you have
provided your personal data to us, you have the right to request a
list of all third parties to which we have disclosed your personal
data for direct marketing purposes. Under California law, you
have the right to submit such a request to us and receive the
following information:

- The categories of information we have disclosed to third parties
for third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding
year (if any); and

The names and addresses of third parties that received such
information, or if the nature of their business cannot be
determined from the name, then examples of the products or
services marketed.