We understand the importance of protecting the privacy of your Personal Data and take
appropriate reasonable steps to protect it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain
what Personal Data we collect about you when you interact with fatsecret, including what
Personal Data and other information we collect, how we use that information, with whom
we share that information and what steps we take to protect that information.

---

fatsecret servers are hosted in multiple locations, including Europe and the United States
and if you are accessing fatsecret from outside the United States, please be advised that
you may be transferring your Personal Data to the United States and that the United States
may have data protection laws/standards that are different from where you live. Your
continued use of fatsecret represents your consent to this transfer of information.

---

We collect, use, hold and disclose (i.e. process) Personal Data and Sensitive Data as
outlined in this Privacy Policy to operate and improve the Services.

---

fatsecret may also access and process your Sensitive Data (i.e. health data) through
integration with other services such as Apple's HealthKit API's and Google's Health
Connect and Fit APIs (all together "Health Data Services") where you have requested or
opted in to us doing so. We will not use or disclose any Sensitive Data gained through
Health Data Services to third parties for advertising, marketing or other use-based data
mining purposes other than for improving health or for the purpose of health research and
will not disclose any of this Sensitive Data to a third party without your express consent.
The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect
Permissions policy, including the Limited Use requirements.

---

4. How or To Whom We Disclose Your Personal Data
Except as expressly noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your Personal Data with
any third parties without your express consent. We do share your Personal Data as
follows:
Ο
Ο
Ο
to service providers (such as those that provide services relating to information
technology, customer support, sales, marketing, payments, data/market analysis, and
surveys) and other vendors to provide, improve and otherwise customise our
Services;
if we are permitted or required to do so by applicable law or we have a good faith
belief that sharing information is necessary to comply with any applicable law; and/or
when otherwise authorised by you to do so whether at the time you supply the
Personal Data or subsequently.

---

5. How or To Whom We Disclose Your Personal Data
Where you have opted in to receive direct marketing we will use your Personal Data to
provide you personalised information about other features, products or services we think
you might be interested in. This may include details relating to current promotions, special
offers and our Premium Service or promotions/offers relating to our Premium Service
and/or other materials so that we can undertake market research into nutrition and health
services and products. We will use your behavioural data to assess what products and
services you may be interested in and which we will directly market to you.
We will share our direct marketing with you using a variety of channels, such as your User
Inbox, email or by telephone, unless you have specifically requested us to only use one
specific channel for marketing. We may also collect and use your demographic and other
Personal Data for market research, statistical, advertising and promotional purposes.

---

Ο
the right to request us to transfer your Personal Data to a third party in a structured,
standardised and machine-readable format;

---

We also restrict access to your Personal Data to our employees, contractors and agents
who require access to that Personal Data in order to process it on our behalf. These
individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline,
including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.

---

In order to provide and improve our Services and provide you the best possible
experience it may be necessary to update and/or change this Privacy Policy from time to
time. In those circumstances, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on
our website. We will notify you in respect of any significant revisions that materially
change the way in which we use or share Personal Data previously collected from you
and, where required by law, provide you the opportunity to read the revised policy so that
you may decide whether you wish to continue to use the Services.