We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by email)
can have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
---
4. Information you provide to Payment Processors
All payments made are processed by a PCI/DSS-compliant (these are payment card industry security
standards) payment processing service engaged by us. All information collected by these third-party providers
for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us unless you have otherwise provided this in-
formation to us in connection with your use of the Websites or our products and services.
---
5. Aggregate Information
We may share your information with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an anonymous, aggregate basis.
While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to
combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third
parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.
---
All the
companies or networks that we work with have their own privacy policies and offer a mechanism for users to
opt out tracking and behavioral targeting available through the ad itself or through the opt out mechanisms
listed in the 'How to control or delete cookies' section.
---
>> third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf. We may use third party cookies for
functionality, perfor-mance/analytics, advertising/tracking and social media purposes.
---
3. What types of Cookies do we use?
The types of cookies used by us and our partners in connection with our website can be classified into one of
five categories, namely "cookies necessary for essential Our purposes", "functionality cookies”, “performance
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
and analytics cookies", "advertising and tracking cookies", and "social media cookies'. We have set out some
further information about each category, and the purposes of the cookies we and third parties set in the
following table.
---
We use Google Analytics and many other analytics tools to helps us understand how users engage with the
website. These web analytics services use first-party cookies to track user interactions, in our case, this means
they are used to collect information about how are visitors are using our website.This information is used to
compile reports and create services to help us improve our website and the services associated with it. The
reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. Some services will allow you to opt out of
tracking with their services directly. For instance, while you cannot opt out of use of cookies with our site, you
can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site - for more information on opting by
Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
---
Advertising and Tracking Cookies:
We may allow third party companies, including advertising companies (such as Google), to place cookies on
our website. These cookies enable such companies to track your activity across various sites where they display
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
ads and record your activities, so they can show ads that they consider relevant to you as you browse the
Internet. These Cookies store information about the content you are browsing together with an identifier linked
to your device or IP address.
---
These Cookies also allow us and third parties to know whether you've seen an ad or a type of ad, and how
long it has been since you've last seen it. This information is used for frequency capping purposes, to help tailor
the ads you see, and to measure the effectiveness of ads.
---
Third Party Cookies:
There are various pages on our website where third parties provide applications of their own cookies to track
the success of their services (applications) or customize applications for you. Due to how these cookies work, we
cannot access the cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us. Some pages of our
website may also contain embedded content and these third-party sites may set their own cookies.
---
If you only want to limit third party advertising cookies, you can turn such cookies off by visiting the following
links:
• Your Online Choices (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/)
• Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/)
• Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/consumers)
Please bear in mind that there are many more companies listed on these sites than those that drop cookies via
our website.
---
VII. PSEUDONYMOUS USAGE PROFILES FOR ADVERTISING AND
MARKET RESEARCH (WEB TRACKING AND ANALYSIS)
GetYourGuide uses web tracking systems for advertising, market research and to make your use of our website
as pleasant as possible. This allows us to further develop our website and tailor content to your needs.
GetYourGuide and third-party businesses may use the information collected through the Sites using cookies,
web beacons, and other similar technologies to help manage online advertising programs. This information
may enable us and our third-party advertising services and other third-party businesses to track the actions of
users online over time and across different websites or platforms to measure statistics relating to marketing
efforts, and to deliver electronic advertisements that may be more relevant to individual consumers and that
will improve the consumer experience. For information about how tracking works for online advertising
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
purposes, and what happens when you elect a do-not-track option, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. In
addition, some third-party businesses may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more
information about the opt-out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
---
IX. SOCIAL NETWORKS
Our website contains links to social networks (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn). These
social networks are operated exclusively by third parties. If you follow the links, information may be transmitted
to these third parties. We use the so-called 2-click solution. This means, in general, that no personal data will
be passed on if you visit our site.
---
X. TRANSMISSION TO THIRD PARTIES
Your personal data will only be transmitted to third parties if this is legally permitted or if you have given your
prior consent. In particular, we will not sell your data to third parties or market it in any other way. We will only
disclose your data to government authorities as part of legal obligations or as a result of an official order or
court decision. We have bound our employees and partners to secrecy and to comply with data protection
regulations.
---
XI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
Except as set forth in this Privacy Statement or when specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose personal
information we gather from you to third parties unless we are required to share this information to complete
your request or for legitimate business purposes. GetYourGuide shares personal information in the following
circumstances:
We may share your information with vendors or third parties who deliver or provide goods and services or
otherwise act on behalf of or at the direction of GetYourGuide. These third parties may include, for example,
our third-party (technology) providers, Suppliers and partners. These third-party service providers will only have
access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.
---
XII. DATA TRANSMISSION TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EU
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
As far as this is necessary for the initiation or execution of the contract - e.g. to process bookings for activities
in countries outside the EU we will transmit your data outside the EU. The same applies if such a transmission
turns out to be necessary for our purposes. In this respect, we ensure that the data recipient guarantees an
appropriate level of data protection and that no other interests worthy of protection conflict with the data
transmission. GetYourGuide relies on derogations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR in the event no
"adequacy” decision and no other safeguards under the GDPR are in place (for example binding corporate
rules on the transfer outside the EEA). In particular, we collect and transfers to countries outside the EU
personal data only: with your explicit consent; to perform a contract with you; in a manner that does not
outweigh your rights and freedoms. If this data is not processed and transferred, GetYourGuide will not be able
to execute the contract with you or you will not have access to any or all of the benefits and features associated
with your transaction. We endeavour to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your
personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with GetYourGuide and the practices
described in this Privacy Statement. In the event that you have any questions to this end, please contact our
Data Protection Officer.
---
You may also request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data
concerned; who else outside GetYourGuide might have received the data from us; what the source of the
information was (if you did not provide it directly to GetYourGuide); where the personal data is stored and how
long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by us if it
is inaccurate. You may request that we erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
may also ask us for your personal data to be supplemented or updated, or for their transformation into
anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for
any and all legitimate reasons. You may withdraw your consent for the processing of personal data or the
further processing of personal data by us at any time. You may also request that GetYourGuide ceases using
your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries (including EEA countries), you have a right to lodge
a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how GetYourGuide
processes your personal data. When technically feasible, we will-at your request-provide your personal data
to you or transmit it directly to another controller. You have the right to receive your personal information in a
structured and standard format.