1.3 THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Please do keep in mind that we aren't in control of the data our partner websites collect and share. While we are committed to guarding your
privacy and safety in every way possible, if you're leaving aiscore.com by clicking on a plug-in or a link you find on our site, personal data they
collect is out of our hands. We strongly recommend you to read the privacy policies of those sites first.
---
2.1 COLLECTED DATA
Among the types of personal data that we collect, by itself or through third parties, are: Email, Cookie and Usage Data. If we need any other
personal data collected at some point, it will either be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text
contextually with the data collection, meaning you will be asked and fully informed about it. That means the personal data we collect may be
freely provided by the user, or collected
---
3.1 METHOD OF PROCESSING
Our Data Controller processes the data of our users in proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized
access, disclosure, modification or unauthorized destruction of the data.
The data processing itself is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly
related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the data may be accessible to certain types of persons in
charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third
party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data
processors.
What is important is that the updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time, so you will always know who
is in charge.
---
3.2 PLACE OF PROCESSING
The data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are
located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
---
6.1 LEGAL ACTIONS
As we already mentioned, your data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal
action arising from improper use of our products or the related services.
---
6.3 YOUR RIGHTS
When it comes to having access to your personal data, you have the biggest rights. By submitting a user access request, we will provide you the
following information free of charge:
● What personal information pertaining to you is being processed
● Why this information is being processed
● Who has access to this personal information about you
● How this personal information is being used in automated decisions
● What processes are using this information
A user access request should be completed within 30 days and include a copy of the personal information, so we can be sure it's you asking,
and not some impersonator.
---
Keep in mind our products do not support "do not track" requests. To understand if any of the third party services we use honor the "do not
track" requests, please read their privacy policies.