Terminology
2. For the purpose of this document:
5. 'recipient' means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to
which the personal data are disclosed, regardless of whether it is a third party. Public
authorities which may receive personal data in connection with a particular inquiry in
accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the
processing of those data by such public authorities must be in compliance with the data
protection rules applicable to the purposes of the processing;

---

10. 'processing' means any operation or a set of operations which is performed on personal
data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection,
recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval,
consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making
available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction;

---

Making the users' personal data available
10. The Personal Data Controller has the right to make the personal data of a user available, without
his or her consent, only to authorised entities pursuant to specific provisions (i.e. courts, law-
enforcement authorities).

---

Comments
14. Comments and opinions left by the user on the website
blog are made available and
distributed only based on the consent given by the user expressed by ticking a consent clause
located below the form.

---

Collection of personal data by the Application
30. The Controller collects the following personal data of the User:
1. User's name and surname
2. User's image (the so-called avatar) – optional
3. contact details: e-mail address, website address, links to the User's accounts on social
media sites – optional
4. User's birth date – optional (publication of this information is at the User's discretion)
5. location information (town/city, country) – optional (publication of this information is at the
User's discretion)
6. information about the User's skin type – optional (publication of this information is at the
User's discretion)

---

44. The user also has the right to transfer data and the Personal Data Controller is obliged to make
those data available to the user in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
The user has the right to transmit the received data to another entity without hindrance from the
Personal Data Controller in accordance with the provisions of this Regulation.

---

User responsibility
63. In order to ensure the protection of the User's personal data, the User is obliged to protect the
login and password which are used to operate his or her User Account. The Users using the
Application bear responsibility for making their login and password available to third parties.

---

Information on payment
61. The personal data of Users making payments via the mobile application, to the extent necessary
for the payment execution, are entrusted to App Store for iOS devices or Google Play for Android
devices.

---

Google Analytics
48. The feelinmyskin.com website uses the Google Analytics plugin (a tool created by Google Inc.).
Google Analytics is a service that analyzes Internet services using the so-called "Cookies", text
files that are saved on the website User's computer and enable feelinmyskin.com to analyze the
use of the website by Users.
49. The feelinmyskin.com website uses Google Analytics to analyze how Users use the website and
to constantly improve the service.
50. The information obtained from the cookie files about the way the User uses the
feelinmyskin.com website is transferred and saved on the Google Inc. servers located in the
United States.
51. The feelinmyskin.com website uses Google Analytics with the following settings:
1. IP anonymisation this means that the Users' IP addresses of the feelinmyskin.com
website are processed after being shortened to exclude the possibility of referring them to
a specific User. The IP address is not collated with other Google data;
2. Disabled Advertising and Remarketing options – which means that the feelinmyskin.com
website will not send personalized ads to the Users and will not display advertisements of
the website when User uses Google search engine;
3. Disabled Demographics and Interest Reports options
which means that the
feelinmyskin.com website does not collect information about sex and age of the User and
does not combine this information with information about their interests;
4. Disabled User-ID – which means that the feelinmyskin.com internet service does not allow
to combine data from interactions with multiple devices and different sessions with
unique User identifiers; the website does not use the User-ID function and does not allow
assigning one or more sessions (along with all activity in these sessions) to a unique and
permanent identifier;
5. Disabled option to share data with Google Inc. feelinmyskin.com website does not
provide Users' data collected from cookies:
a. to other Google services used to analyze online behaviors and trends that are
intended to improve Google's tools;
b. for the purposes of comparative analysis involving the use of data to create tools
and materials helpful in the marketing activities of a given industry;
c. for Google technical support – Google support does not receive access to collected
data;
d. to Google's marketing and sales specialists to improve the effectiveness of using
Google tools through feelinmyskin.com.
52. The maximum period of User's data storage by the feelinmyskin.com website is 26 months.
53. The user can prevent the saving of cookies by setting the appropriate settings in the browser
software. Changing those settings may cause the User to lose the access to some of the
functions of the feelinmyskin.com website. In order to disable Google Analytics tracking, the
User can install a browser extension available at the following address:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
54. External supplier information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street,
Dublin
4,
Ireland, fax: +353 (1) 436
www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html,
policies.google.com/privacy.
as well
1001. Terms of use:
as the privacy policy: