users will duvancе поtiсе. This upes not include wedsite Hosting partners and omer parties wio
assist us in operating and marketing our websites, products, conducting our business, or serving our
users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or
protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.

---

We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of our authorized resellers (identified on our
website https://www.avenza.com/about/resellers/) for the purpose of enabling them to contact you
so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party
will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting
you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that
third party's use of your personal data.

---

In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this policy, we may disclose your
personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we
are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment,
exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-
court procedure.

---

You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your
particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the
processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the
exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by
us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal
information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which
override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or
defence of legal claims.

---

Third-Party Cookies
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may also be stored on your computer when
you visit our websites.
Third-party cookies are used for the following purposes:
•
•
Analysis - to help us analyze the use and performance of our websites, apps, and products.
Personalization - to store information about your preferences and to personalize the websites
for you.