C. DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose/share personal information with the following categories of recipients:
Other Platform Buyers and/or Sellers where necessary to support purchases and communications made between you. If you are a Buyer, Sellers that you purchase from will also control personal information
about you relevant to or connected with your Platform purchases and communications with them. Please refer to the respective Seller Privacy Policies for information about how they will process your information.
Please note that, in using our services, you may share personal information to others; for example, when other users view items on our platform, they may see item reviews you left as well as your profile
image and nickname.
Third party partners and service providers and/or affiliates engaged by or working with us to assist us in providing services to you or who otherwise process personal information for purposes described in this
Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information. Categories of these partners and service providers include:
Alibaba group entities and affiliated companies and/or their designated service providers that work with us to provide processing services such as software, tools, systems and messaging services for
purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Please refer to Alibaba annual financial report for the group entities.
Our business partners (for example, in order for them to provide you with discounts or offers that may interest Buyers or prospective Buyers) where you have consented to receiving such information
from them if required by applicable data protection laws;
Marketing and advertising partners, such as Google, X, Facebook, and Instagram, and providers of analytics services relating to users' behavior such as Appsflyer and Criteo, so that they may tailor
the content you see when visiting our Platform for analytics and/or advertising purposes. These partners may combine information they collect on our Platform with data on their platforms and data they
collect from other websites or through other sources in order to conduct targeted advertising. The processing activities of these third parties marketing platforms are governed by their own privacy policies,
not this Privacy Policy (please refer to Section F. COOKIES below);
Payment service providers that provide payment processing services, such as Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited. Please note some activities of payment service providers may be
governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy;
Credit risk assessment providers, to conduct risk assessment on Sellers to determine whether a Seller can be permitted to make an advance withdrawal or to conduct risk assessment on Buyers to
determine whether a Buyer can be permitted to apply for some payment services (such as Buy now pay later);
Logistics partners such as Hangzhou Cainiao Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd for providing delivery services for Buyers and Sellers, including return and exchange of products, and
warehousing services for Sellers;
Customs agents for customs clearance purposes, where applicable to support Buyers and Sellers with international sales/purchases;
Cloud computing or other hosting service providers, such as Alibaba Cloud Singapore Private Limited to provide cloud storage services;
Warranty service providers, such as ZhongAn Online P & C Insurance Co., Ltd., to provide product warranty services where requested by a Buyer or Seller;
Customer service support providers, such as Genesys Cloud Services B.V., to provide after-sale services or other customer service support;
Risk control service providers, such as ALIBABA.COM CHINA LIMITED, to assess the security of Buyer and Seller accounts and transaction risks; and
Third party rating / reviewing service providers, to carry out reviews or surveys of our services with customers if you choose to participate in reviewing or rating Platform products and/or services;
To our professional advisers, law enforcement agencies, insurers, government and regulatory and other organizations where we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or to exercise,
establish or defend our legal rights or protect your vital interests or those of any other person; or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable laws.
To an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use
your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.

---
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.

---
We have established relationships with other parties and websites to offer you the benefit of products and services which we do not offer. We offer you access to these other parties and their websites either through
the use of hyperlinks to these sites from our Platform or through offering "co-branded" sites in which both we and other parties share the same uniform resource locator (URL), domain name or pages within a
domain name on the Internet. In some cases, you may be required to submit personal information to register or apply for products or services provided by such third parties or co-branded partners. This Privacy Policy
does not apply to these third-party sites or co-branded sites. The privacy policies of those other parties may differ from ours, and we have no control over the information that you submit to those other sites. You
should read the relevant privacy policy for those third parties' sites and co-branded sites before responding to any offers, products or services advertised by them.

---
Cookies set by the site or app owner (in this case, AliExpress) are called "first party Cookies". Cookies set by third parties other than the site or app owner are called "third party Cookies". Third party Cookies
enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g., like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your device
both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.

---
We also use social media cookies. You may register for Platform membership and "share" Platform content through social media such as Facebook and X. Sometimes we embed videos from websites like YouTube.
These websites have their own privacy policies which govern their use of information, which you can find on the respective websites.

---
We also use cookies to enable us to track and target the interests of Platform visitors to enhance the experience on our Platform by researching visiting patterns and conducting interest-based advertising; assisting our
partners in tracking user visits to the Platforms; and to track progress and participation in promotions and the success of our email marketing campaigns. We use first- and third-party Cookies for these purposes.

---
Please also note, if you are a Buyer, Sellers will also act as a data controller of personal information about you and your Platform purchases and communications with them. Please refer to the privacy policies of
those Sellers for more information about the ways in which they will process such information.

---
Legitimate interests we will use or disclose your personal data for the legitimate interests of either Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited or a third party, but only where we are
confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. If we rely on our (or a third party's) legitimate interests, these interests will normally be to operate our Platform and services, manage
our relationship with you and communicate with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our
Platform and our services, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of ensuring the security of our Platform and services and detecting or preventing illegal activities such as fraud. We may have other
legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.

---
Consent in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use or disclose your personal information, in which case you can
voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you.

---
You may contact us using contact information provided in Section P. HOW TO CONTACT US to refuse or withdraw the consent to the processing of personal information (including but limited collecting, usage and
disclosure or sharing). However, in such cases, your use of the Platform may be restricted.

---
If you are a registered Buyer based in the United States, the data controller of your personal information is AliExpress E-Commerce One Pte. Ltd. If you are a registered Seller based in the United States, the data
controller of your personal information is AliExpress International (United States) Corporation. Your data will be stored in the United States. For contact details, please see "Making US Privacy Rights
Requests" below in this section or Section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Please also note that, if you are a Buyer, Sellers will also act as independent data controllers of your personal information, including
information on your Platform purchases and communications between you and such Sellers. Please refer to the relevant Privacy Policy of the respective Seller for more information about the data practices and ways
in which they will process such information.

---
• Access: You have the right to request to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you, and to access such personal data. If you are a resident of Oregon, you may receive additional information
regarding certain disclosures we make to third parties, which we will provide our response to your access request.

---
Disclosure of Personal Information. We disclose or share personal information in the ways described above in Section C. DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA above, including by allowing third
parties that provide us analytics and advertising services to collect information through cookies and other similar technologies.

---
The CCPA defines a "sale" as disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and "sharing" includes disclosing or making available
personal information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. While we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, like many
websites, we may "share" (as defined in the CCPA) certain identifiers (i.e., IP address and online identifiers), usage data, and inferences to advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and
platforms, and social networks, including in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. We do so in order to improve and evaluate our advertising campaigns and
better reach customers and prospective customers with more relevant ads and content.

---
The types of personal information that we may share include unique identifiers (e.g., cookies and similar technologies), device information, geolocation data, commercial data, behavioral data, and inferences.

---
To the extent that the use of cookies and other tracking technologies to disclose certain personal information to third parties to display targeted or personalized advertisements to you constitutes a "sale" or "sharing" of
personal information under the CCPA, you may opt out of such cookies at any time by adjusting your cookie choices in our Cookie Preferences on our Platform to adjust your cookie choices.

---
California Privacy Rights. If you are a resident of California, you have the following rights under the CCPA, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law:
Know and Access: You have the right to request to know and access the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected;
the business or commercial purposes for collecting, "selling" and/or "sharing" your personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed, "sold" or "shared" personal information about you; and
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

---
Opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information: You have the right to request that a business not "sell" or "share" your personal information with a third party, as those terms are defined
under the CCPA. As described above, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to make available certain personal information to third parties to display targeted or personalized advertisements to you. To
the extent that such practice may constitute a "selling" or "sharing" of personal information under the CCPA, you may opt-out of such "selling" or "sharing" at any time by using our Cookie Preferences on our
Platform to adjust your cookie choices.

---
California Shine the Light Law. Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal
information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without their approval. For inquiries
regarding our disclosure policy, please use the contact details provided under "Making US Privacy Rights Requests" below in this section or Section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below.

---
This section applies if you are based in Brazil. The controller of the personal data is Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (incorporated in Singapore with Company Registration No. 200720572D)
and the Data Protection Officer in Brazil is Willian Chang, and for the contact details, please see Section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Your data will be stored in the United States. Please also note, if you are a
Buyer, Sellers will also act as a data controller of personal information about your Platform purchases and communications with them. Please refer to the Privacy Policies of those Sellers for more information about
the ways in which they will process such information.

---
necessary to achieve our legitimate interests or those of third parties;

---
If we collect and use your personal information based on our (or a third party's) legitimate interest, that interest will generally be to operate our Platform and services, manage our relationship with you and
communicate with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate business interest, for example in responding to your inquiries, improving our Platform and services, conducting marketing, or
for the purpose of ensuring the security of our Platform and services and detecting or preventing illegal activities such as fraud. We may have other legitimate interests and, if appropriate, we will make clear to you at
the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.

---
The right to request information about with whom your personal data has been shared.

---
This section applies if you are based in Mexico. The data controller of your personal information is Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (incorporated in Singapore with Company Registration No.
200720572D), located at 51 Bras Basah Road, #01-21 Lazada One, Singapore 189554. For contact details, please see Section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Please also note that, if you are a Buyer, Sellers will
also act as a data controller of personal information about and your Platform purchases and communications with them. Please refer to the Privacy Policies of those Sellers for more information about the ways in
which they will process such information.

---
Disclosure or Sharing of Personal Information
Your consent is required to transfer your personal data to "our business partners" and to "actual or potential buyer" mentioned above in Section C. DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA of this
Privacy Policy. With your consent to this Privacy Policy, you consent the data transfers mentioned in this paragraph.
AliExpress does not require your consent to disclose or share your personal information with the rest of the recipients mentioned in Section C. DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA of this Privacy
Policy.

---
N. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA

---
We disclose or share personal information with Sellers, other buyers, service providers, partners and other third-party entities, as described in Section C. DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
• Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the European Commission 7 under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognize that a country offers an adequate
level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in Section A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed above; or

---
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, we rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in Section A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION to sellers
and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to
process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and
their approved equivalents for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. If Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) is not applicable, we rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information
as described in Section B. USE OF PERSONAL DATA to certain entities in Alibaba Group and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.

---
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in Section P.HOW TO CONTACT US below.

---
In addition, we regularly assess the legal and regulatory frameworks of countries receiving the data to ensure the ongoing effectiveness of our transfer safeguards, particularly in cases where standard contractual
clauses are used. These assessments help us determine whether supplementary measures are needed to ensure an essentially equivalent level of data protection as required by the GDPR.