2. WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
2.1 The purposes for which information may be used
by us inside and outside of the European Economic
Area include:
• Complying with laws and regulations applicable to us
or any of our affiliates inside or outside of the EEA.
• Legal proceedings, including collecting overdue
amounts and seeking professional advices.
---
3. WHO MIGHT WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
3.1 We will keep the personal data we hold
confidential but may provide information to:
• Personnel, agents, advisers, auditors, contractors,
financial institutions, and service providers in
connection with our operations or services.
• Our overseas offices, affiliates, business partners and
counterparts (if any).
• Persons under a duty of confidentiality to us.
• Persons to whom we are required to make disclosure
under applicable laws and regulations in or outside of
the European Economic Area (EEA); or
• Actual or proposed transferees or participants of our
services in or outside the EEA.
3.2 As an entity, DragonPass operates businesses
both inside and outside of the EEA. These other
factions of our business are based in China, Hong
Kong, Singapore and South Africa. We require all
service providers to process your information in a
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
secure manner which is in accordance with updated
data protection regulations. We utilise standard
means under EU law to legitimise data transfers
outside of the EEA.
---
4.1 All information you provide to us is stored on our
secure servers outside of the EU. Any payment
transactions will be encrypted using TLS technology.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen)
a password which enables you to access certain parts
of our service, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. We ask you not to share a
password with anyone.
---
4.3 We may disclose your information to third party
partners for the purposes set out in this Privacy
Policy related to the function of our services. We
require all third parties to have appropriate technical
and operational security measures in place to protect
your personal data, in line with EU law on data
protection rules.
---
7. PAYMENT INFORMATION
7.1 When making a payment with DragonPass you do
so through the Stripe Checkout Gateway. In order to
make a payment you will be required to pass your
card number, expiry date and CVV code through this
gateway. None of your card details will be stored on
the DragonPass systems. This information will be
solely retained in an encrypted format by Stripe.
---
8.3 Please note that third parties (including, for
example, advertising networks and providers of
external services like web traffic analysis services)
may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance
cookies or targeting cookies.