• Country code, Language code, Time zone, Platform version, OS version,
Firebase Android App ID, Device ID, Ad ID, Package name of the app, Firebase
installation ID (FID). We have integrated Firebase Analytics and Firebase
Remote Config into our Application to collect data about how users interact
with the app. This includes monitoring events such as when users open a
dialog or use a feature. This data is sent and stored on the Google Firebase
servers and is used to enhance the app's functionality and overall user
experience. This data is anonymous and does not include your personal
information (it does not uniquely identify a user).

---

Do third parties see and/or have access to
information obtained by the Application?
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own
Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of
the third-party service providers used by the Application:
• Google Play Services
• Google Firebase

---

In addition to our own usage, aggregated and anonymized data collected
through Firebase Analytics may be shared with other third parties for industry
analysis, demographic profiling, and other purposes. This data does not include
your personal information.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
• as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal
process;
• when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their
rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond
to a government request;
• with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an
independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to
adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.

---

• Format of the Data: You will receive your personal data in a structured,
commonly used, and machine-readable format. You can also request that we
transmit this data directly to another organization, where technically feasible.

---

Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect
information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this
information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that
information in order to operate, develop or improve their Application. Please be
aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information
we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security
breaches.

---

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are giving us your consent to processing of your
information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
"Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or
touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting,
storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.