Cricket Line Guru ("CLG app" or "Cricket Line Guru app" or "Clg" or "CLG") is a mobile and web
application developed by Cricket Line Guru ("Company" or "CLG" or "We") is committed to serve you in
most efficient manner. However, while serving you all, we ensure to consider your privacy utmost
important and keep the same fully protected and safe. In order to ensure that We deliver our
commitment, keep transparent processes to deal with and about the data we collect from our User(s)
and how it is used and, we further ensure that it is never shared with any third parties with or without our
conscious efforts.

---
REASONABLE SECURITY PRACTICES AS PER THE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000 AND
ITS RULES

We have implemented stringent, internationally acceptable standards of technology, managerial security,
technical security, operational security and physical security in order to protect your personally
identifiable information from loss, misuse, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We have been assured by
the third party cloud service providers (such as Google Cloud Services, Amazon Web Services and
GoDaddy) that the data collected by us are managed and stored firmly and securely as per the globally
accepted best practices.

---
All information gathered on the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) is securely stored and
managed by us on a third party cloud service provider's server as mentioned earlier.

---
User(s) agree that any information you include in a posting to the public discussion areas on the
Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) is available to anyone who has access to the Company's
Website(s)/Mobile Exchange(s).

---
COOKIES

To improve the responsiveness for our User(s), we may use "cookies", or similar other electronic tools to
collect information in order to assign each user a unique, random number as a user identification ("User
ID") to understand each and every user's individual interests using their identified computer/mobile
devices. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way
of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer/mobile devices. A cookie also
cannot read data off your hard drive. The Android and iOS applications do not use "cookies" explicitly.
However, the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) may use third party code and libraries that
use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. User(s) have the option to either accept
or refuse these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your device. However, in case the
User(s) choose to refuse our cookies, he/she may not be able to use some/complete portions of our
services. Advertisers using the platform of the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) to advertise
may also assign and use their own cookies to your browser, a process that we do not control. Once the
User(s) permit, We may obtain additional information such as list of apps installed on your device, device
information, location, network carrier ("Information") available on your device, to personalize your
experience and improve the app suggestions. This data may also be used at our end to take necessary
business decisions.

---
We assure that all or any information of the User(s) shall not be shared with any third party and shall be
purely utilized for enhancing each user experience and personalizing the services within CLG networks.

---
DEMOGRAPHIC AND PURCHASE INFORMATION

(i) We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with
more targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among others, to track the
User(s) behavior on our Website(s)/Mobile Application(s).

---
(ii) Google Analytics specifically has been enabled to support display advertising helping us to gain
understanding of our User(s); Demographics and Interests.

---
(iii) The reports are anonymous and cannot be associated with any individual personally identifiable
information that you may have shared with us.

---
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES / AD-SERVERS

The Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) may also include links to other third party websites or
mobile applications. Such websites or mobile applications are governed by their respective privacy
policies, which are beyond our control.

---
Once the User(s) access any built-in third party service by switching to third party applications/websites
[the User(s) can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser]. Use of any
information the User(s) provide to such third party is governed by the respective privacy policy of the
concerned operator of the said application/website, the User(s) are visiting. That policy may differ from
ours. If the User(s) can't find the privacy policy of any of these third party websites/mobile applications
including accessing their homepage, then the User(s) should contact the application or website owners
directly for more information regarding this and/or for any other grievances.

---
When we present information to our advertisers – to help them understand our audience and confirm the
value of advertising on the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) – it is usually in the form of
aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages/content within the Company's Website(s)/ Mobile
Application(s).

---
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when the User(s) visit the Company's
Website(s)/Mobile Application(s). These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable sensitive/non-sensitive
information) about your visits to this and other websites or applications, in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services of interest to the respective User(s).

---
We do not provide any Personal Information to any third party websites/advertisers/ad- servers without
your consent, except in the circumstance mentioned in below clause.

---
INFORMATION SHARING

CLG may share the sensitive Personal Information to any third party including Government Bodies /
Government agencies / Government authorities / Service Provider / Alliance Partner without obtaining
the prior consent of the User(s) in the following limited circumstances:

---
(i) When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to
disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation
including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in
good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing the Privacy Policy and
Terms of Use and also, for the purpose of complying with the applicable laws and regulations during
relevant time.

---
(ii) The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies/affiliated companies
and officers and employees of such group companies/affiliated companies for the purpose of
processing Personal Information on its behalf. We also ensure that these recipients of such information
agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use also published at the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s). The said group
companies/affiliated companies also ensure that the Personal Information shared with them is not
transferred to any third party, except as provided under this clause.

---
(iii) The Company may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when the User(s) visit the
Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s). These companies may use Personal Information (non-
sensitive personal information only) about the User(s) visit to the Company's Website(s)/Mobile
Application(s) and other third party websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to any particular User(s).

---
(iv) The Company shall transfer information about the User(s) in case it is acquired by or merged with
another company.

---
ACCESSING, UPDATING AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

(iv) Upon receiving a specific request coming from any of the User(s), we may ensure that Personal
Information in relation to such User(s) is deleted from our database as also from the third-party cloud
service providers.