• To facilitate account creation and login process. If you choose to link your
account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook
account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third
parties to facilitate account creation and login process for the performance of
the contract. See the section below headed "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR
SOCIAL LOGINS?" for further information.
---
• To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in
order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
---
• To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our
third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to
us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing
preferences. For example, when expressing an interest in obtaining
information about us or our App, subscribing to marketing or otherwise
contacting us, we will collect personal information from you. You can opt-out
of our marketing emails at any time (see the "WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY
RIGHTS?" below).
---
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to
provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal
basis:
• Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to
use your personal information for a specific purpose.
• Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably
necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
• Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you,
we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
• Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally
required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental
requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in
response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public
authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
• Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is
necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations
of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the
safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which
we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal
information in the following situations:
• Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection
with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing,
or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
---
• Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may
share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or
agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to
such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data
analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing
efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on
the App, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you
interact with our App over time. This information may be used to, among other
things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content,
pages or features, and better understand online activity. Unless described in
this notice, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with
third parties for their promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with
our data processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal
information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal
information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share
your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also
commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the
period we instruct.
---
• Other Users. When you share personal information (for example, by posting
comments, contributions or other content to the App) or otherwise interact
with public areas of the App, such personal information may be viewed by all
users and may be publicly made available outside the App in perpetuity. If you
interact with other users of our App and register for our App through a social
network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your
name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will
be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within
our App, and view your profile.
---
4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
In Short: We only share information with the following categories of third parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following categories of third
parties. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to
revoke your consent, please contact us using the contact details provided in the
section below titled "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?".
---
• Data Services
For more information on what data the third-party services collect for what
purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please the following
pages:
o Google Play Services
o Google Analytics for Firebase
o Expo
o Sentry
---
5. Social Networks
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media
account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our App offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social
media account details (like your Facebook or Google logins). Where you choose to
do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social
media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the
social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address,
friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public
on such social media platform.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in
this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant App.
Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your
personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend
that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share
your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their
sites and apps.
---
6. AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER
In Short: Our mobile application may contain links to affiliate websites, and we
receive an affiliate commission for any purchases made by you on the affiliate
website using such links. When you are redirected to such an affiliate website, all
your data stays with us.
---
Our mobile application may contain (or you may be sent through our mobile
application) links to other websites or content belonging to or originating from
third parties or links to websites and features in banners or other advertising.
Such external links are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy,
adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness by us. WE DO NOT
WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OFFERED BY THIRD-PARTY
WEBSITES LINKED THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE OR FEATURE LINKED
IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING. WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN
ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN
YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
---
DATA SHARING
We never share your personal data with our affiliate partners.
---
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law,
permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once
a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if
any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names
and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the
immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would
like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the
contact information provided below.
---
How do we use and share your personal information?
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in
this privacy notice.
---
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to
a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is
a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
---
Skin Bliss SIA has disclosed the following categories of personal information to
third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12)
months:
• Category B. Personal information, as defined in the California Customer
Records law, such as your name, contact information, education, employment,
employment history and financial information.
• Category C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or
federal law, such as gender or date of birth.
• Category D. Commercial information, such as transaction information,
purchase history, financial details and payment information.
---
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for a
business or commercial purpose can be found under "WHO WILL YOUR
INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?".
---
Right to be informed - Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
• whether we collect and use your personal information;
• the categories of personal information that we collect;
• the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
• whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
• the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business
purpose;
• the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or
disclosed for a business purpose; and
• the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal
information.