• Sharing your Information

---
2.1.2. Once your account has been registered, your name, username and profile picture (if you have
signed up using your Social Network ID) will automatically be displayed on your profile page and will
be available to other users through the Services. This allows other users to identify you, find you, and
refer to you properly.

---
2.2.2. Any such Information which you add to your profile page (except for date of birth and gender)
on the Services becomes publicly available. Please exercise personal discretion in how much
Information you choose to share.

---
2.3. Content which you upload to the Services, which allows others to identify you (e.g. photos of you,
audio recordings or text containing your name, voice, status updates, comments on content which
refer to you).

---
2.5. Content which others upload to the Services which allows you to be identified (e.g. photos of you,
audio recordings or text containing your name, status updates, comments on content which refer to
you).

---
2.6.1. We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services.
These tools collect information sent by your device including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and
other information that assists us in improving the Services. We collect and use this analytics
information with analytics information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to
identify any particular individual user.

---
2.9.2. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you
browse and use the Services and may help us or others provide reports or personalised content and
ads. Some features of the Services may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers
is impaired or disabled.

---
a) To allow you, and those whom you have given permissions to, to access content and
Information which you have uploaded;

---
g) To allow other users (including Band Members) to communicate with you to the extent that
enable this feature (e.g. by activating Chat in BandLab or by opting in to a Band Member's
updates);

---
n) To make any of your content available to the public if you choose to do so; and

---
4. Sharing of your Information
4.1. We may share your Information with the following parties:
a) Related Entities: These are businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies
that we are part of, or that become part of that group.
b) Service Providers: These are our third party contractors. We engage them to assist us in
providing and managing aspects of the Services, such as developing the Services' features and
functionality, marketing, processing payments, processing data or statistics, hosting content,
providing server space, reviewing content for compliance with our Terms of Use
(https://blog.bandlab.com/terms-of-use/), and legal advice.
c) Third Party Advertisers: We may provide Information to third party advertisers so that they can
notify you of events or products which may be of interest to you. For instance, you may be
notified of an upcoming concert or product release.

---
d) Analytics Services: We may use third party analytics providers and products to obtain,
compile and analyse Information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log
files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data), and may provide such Information to
these analytics providers for the purpose of obtaining statistics and other information about
how users are using and interacting with the Services. One of our analytics providers is Google
Analytics and more information on their privacy policy is available at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
e) We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymised data with other
parties. We may also combine your Information with other information in a way that it is no
longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
f) We may share your contact details with other user(s) whose updates you opt to follow via our
Fan Reach Service. You can unfollow such other user(s) and unsubscribe from such updates at
any time.
g) If your Information is included in any of your content and this is then broadcast to the public
by us, such Information will be shared with anyone who listens to the content throughout the
world.

---
4.2. We require that all parties with whom we share Information to implement adequate levels of
protection in order to protect such Information.

---
4.4. We may also share your Information with third parties in the following circumstances:
(a) Change of control: If the ownership of our business changes or we undertake a
reorganisation of our business, we may transfer your Information and content to the new owners
so they can continue to operate the Services. The new owners may subsequently make changes
to this Privacy Policy;
(b) If permitted or required by law: We may disclose Information if we believe that such
disclosure is required or permitted by law (e.g. by responding to requests from government
authorities, or disclosure pursuant to court orders or other legal demands); and
(c) To protect interests: We may disclose Information if we determine it is necessary to enforce or
protect our rights or the property or personal safety of the users of the Service (e.g. to enforce
this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use (https://blog.bandlab.com/terms-of-use/), or to prevent or
take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats or breaches).

---
5. How we store your Information
5.1. We (or others on our behalf) may transfer your Information to other countries in which our facilities
or businesses are located, to be stored or processed. We will ensure that where we transfer your
personal data outside of Singapore, the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area, we will put
in place all necessary safeguards to protect that personal data, in accordance with applicable data
protection laws. This includes the entities' making of reasonable security arrangements to prevent
unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risk to your
Information, and removing the Information as soon as it is reasonable to assume that its retention is
no longer necessary.
5.2. Currently, the countries to which Information is transferred for the purpose of storage on cloud
servers are Singapore and the United States of America. We may update this list periodically to reflect
any new locations where your Information may be stored.

---
7. Other websites and services
7.1. If you use a link to go from the Services to other websites, applications or platforms, this Privacy
Policy does not apply to those websites, applications or platforms. They have their own privacy
policies and you should familiarise yourself with them before you permit them to access and process
your content or Information.
7.2. We are not responsible for and do not have control over any other third party websites,
applications or platforms which you authorise to access or process your content or Information. If you
are using a third-party website, application or platform and you allow them to access or process your
content or Information, you do so at your own risk.

---
8.2. If you (i) wish to update or correct your Information, (ii) wish to request for information from us on
what Information of yours we have and how we have used and shared your Information during the
last one year before the date of your request, (iii) wish to restrict or withdraw your consent to our
processing of your Information, (iv) wish us to delete your Information, or (v) have any questions,
concerns or feedback on this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer in writing via
email to privacy@bandlab.com.

---
a) Right to be informed: This right means that when we ask you to provide us with your
Information, we will give you details such as what we are using it for, how and with whom it will
be shared, and how you may contact us if you have any queries;

---
b) Right to access: This right allows you to ask us for details of the Information we hold on you,
e.g. what Information is being processed and for what reason, what Information is being
transferred and to whom, what rights you have etc;

---
f) Right to data portability: This is the right to ask us to send you your Information electronically.
You may also ask us to transmit such Information to another party;