What information do we collect & how do we use it?
We will only use the information we collect about you if there is a reason for doing so, and if that reason is
permitted under data protection law. We handle your phone number in accordance with the terms specified
hereafter. We do not sell or share you phone number with third parties, except where required by law. We
say what these reasons usually are in each section below, and we explain each one under 'What do each of
these legal reasons mean?'.
---
If you visit our services
Location data
Location data includes country location (based on your full or partial IP address and/or Google
Analytics information) which we use to provide location services (if you ask or permit us to), so
that we can deliver content, advertising or other services that are dependent on knowing where
you are, like checking for fraudulent transactions.
---
Automated decision-making
We may use 'profiling' or automated decision-making tools in our processing of personal data we
automatically collect about you. We may use this personal data for the purposes of providing you with
personalised marketing communications by email, SMS, post, social media advertisements and/or other
digital channels from Fresha about its Services.
---
If you contact or engage with us
We use this contact and communications information to
•
Contact you if you have asked us to do, including to respond to your queries, troubleshoot problems,
and help with any issues you may have with our Services.
• Provide you with information you might request about our Services.
• Put you in touch with Partners you ask us to share your information with.
•
Provide you with technical and other service updates (for example, if we update our Terms of Use and
Terms of Service).
---
If you use our services to book an appointment
We use this account and related information to manage your account with us, including to
• maintain your Fresha account;
•
provide customer support;
• enable you to contact, order from and make bookings with our Partners;
• enable you to make and pay for orders and bookings with your account;
•
perform our contractual obligations to you if you have purchased a Fresha gift card, including
processing orders, making or receiving payments fees and charges and collecting and recovering any
money owed;
• if a Partner offers home services and you select the option, to enable you to book appointments at the
address you provide;
•
provide you with a personalised experience, including recommending features, services, products and
Partners we think you may be interested in.
---
You may provide Partners with consultation, order and booking information (like date and time of your
appointment). Partners may also ask you, via consultation forms on our Services, for health information
(for example if you are pregnant) or other sensitive information (called "special category data").
You may opt-in to receive marketing from a Partner. Partners may also upload their own customer
information to Fresha, including to use our Services to send marketing (Fresha will not use this uploaded
information for its own purposes). Partners are responsible for their own marketing.
The Partner is the data controller for this information. If you have any questions, please contact the
relevant Partner.
---
If you order any products from a Partner's shop
We use your account and order information to enable our Partners to fulfil and manage your orders,
including to
• enable you to contact and purchase products from our Partners, including making payments,
• share your contact and order information with the Partner you ordered from, so the Partner can fulfil
•
and manage your order (including processing any cancellations, returns or refunds), and communicate
with you about your order.
store your order, cancellation, return and refund records.
---
If you work for a Partner
Company information may include:
•
company address,
• business type (e.g. salon, spa, gym),
• consultation form content,
• historical and future appointments,
•
payment processing data (we don't see this, only our payment processors do),
•
point of sale data,
•
reporting and analytics,
• Client data and promotions;
•
pictures and marketing materials.
---
The Partner can access and manage your Fresha account details.
Partners may also control what information Clients can see about the Partner, including order or booking
information, staff names and certain profile information, offers, ratings and reviews (which may talk
about staff members), prices and discounts, appointment availability, and related data.
The Partner you work for is the data controller for this information. If you have any questions, please
contact the Partner you work for.
---
If we send you offers, updates or other marketing material from us
We use this contact and marketing preference information to
• send you offers, updates, promotions, newsletter(s), insights and other marketing material.
•
•
send you with a personalised marketing, including offers, features, services, products and Partners we
think you may be interested in.
working with digital advertising partners.
• if you work for a company we are interested in partnering with, we may contact you about our
Services and opportunities with Fresha.
•
contact you to ask for feedback, including through surveys and other marketing research.
• details in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
---
What do each of these legal reasons mean?
Legitimate interests
We may process your personal data if it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate
interests of a third party, provided those interests are not outweighed by your rights and
interests.
---
Our legitimate interests include:
• Administering, improving and expanding our Site and services
Keeping our records updated.
Gaining insights on how you use our Services.
Gaining your feedback and reviews,
Delivering, developing and improving our Services.
Enhancing, customising or modifying our Services and communications.
Implementing and improving our security measures
Growing our business and informing our marketing strategy.
• Marketing
Marketing and promoting our Services to a company you work for or provide services to.
measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others and
delivering relevant advertising to you (including when you visit other websites).
• Fulfilling agreements with another organisation
Complying with or enforcing any agreement Fresha has (or that you may have, or example
any extra Partner-specific terms) with a Partner you have purchased goods or services
from as a Client.
Complying with or enforcing any agreement we may have with a company you work for or
provide services to (for example, if you work at a Partner).
---
Who do we share your information with?
If you are a Client
We will share your information with our Partners if you have asked us to (for example, if you want to
connect with, order from or make a booking with one of our Partners). We may share your contact and
account information, and they will receive any other information you provide through Fresha (for example,
completing a Partner's consultation form). Partners may use this information to manage your
communications, orders and bookings with them.
---
If you leave a public review for a Partner (or any of their products in their shop on our Services), your rating,
review, review date, and first name and last initial will be published on Fresha. Other Fresha users and
members of the public may be able to see your reviews. Reviews may be published or syndicated on third
party websites. Public reviews will survive the termination or expiry of the Fresha Terms of service.
---
If you work for a Partner
Fresha users may rate the Partner you work at or for, and may rate you as an individual. Your individual
ratings may be shared with the relevant Partner, and may be publicly available on our Services.
---
We may publish limited Partner information (including individual and business public reviews and ratings) to
other websites, for example so it can be included in search results or advertising (including online and offline
advertising and promotional media, including, but not limited to Google, Google AdWords, Facebook Ads,
Twitter, email distribution lists, and third-party business partners and affiliates).
---
If Fresha processes your information as a Client, Partner staff, or otherwise
We may also share your information with:
•
•
•
any member of our company group, which means our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries,
and/or our subsidiaries who may support our processing of personal data under this Notice.
our service providers, organisations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance
with our instructions and the data protection law.
• This includes supporting the services we offer through the Site, in particular those providing
website and data hosting services, distributing communications we send, supporting or
updating marketing lists, customer support, facilitating feedback on our services, digital
invoicing and payment processing providers who provide secure payment processing services,
and providing IT support services from time to time.
• These organisations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or
other companies in our group) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform
their support functions.
in certain circumstances, our digital marketing partners.
• if you create a Partner Account with us by using a Referral Link the Partner who the Referral Link
relates to may view the progression of your Partner Account
• if we run surveys, competitions, promotional campaigns, offers or other occasional activities and
you opt-in, we may share certain information with our commercial partners (for example, if you chose
to enter into a prize draw we run with a third party). We will provide more detailed privacy information
at the time.
•
our auditors, legal advisers and other professional advisers;
• if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the
prospective seller or buyer.
•
any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to protect our rights, property, or safety,
our clients, or other third parties, and to enforce our rights under this Notice or under any
agreement (for example, our Terms of Use and Terms of Service) with you. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of detecting and preventing
fraud and cyber-crime.if required to do so by court order or if we are under a duty to disclose your
information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any
legal obligation. This includes exchanging information with law enforcement agencies, regulators, or
other similar government bodies.
---
Where do we store your information?
We may transfer your personal information outside the UK / EEA:
•
in order to store it;
•
•
in order to enable us to provide our Services to you;
in order to facilitate the operation of our businesses, where it is in our legitimate interests and we have
concluded these are not overridden by your rights; and
• where we are legally required to do so.
---
We may transfer your personal information outside the UK / EEA, including to the key organisations listed
here.
---
We update our partners and service providers as we grow, and will update this Notice regularly. For more
information about how we currently transfer and protect data, please contact hello@fresha.com.
---
Payments made on our Services are made through our payment gateway provider, Adyen N.V., ("Adyen")
(or, if you are in the UAE, Checkout MENA FFZ LLC ("Checkout")). You will be providing credit or debit card
information directly to Adyen (or Checkout), which operates a secure server to process payment details,
encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorising payment. Fresha can view pseudonymized
cardholder and card details. In addition, Fresha stores the following card information:
• card brand,
• card holder name,
• card's last four digits,
• card expiry month and expiry year.
Information which you supply to Adyen (or Checkout) is not within our control and is subject to Adyen's own
privacy policy and terms (or Checkout.com own privacy policy).
---
External sites
Fresha may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites,
please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. Fresha does not accept any responsibility or
liability for these policies or any content on external sites and does not necessarily endorse the views
expressed within them. Fresha has no control over the availability of any of these websites. Please check
each site's policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
---
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with
you and cannot be re-identified). This anonymised data (for example, aggregated statistics) is no longer
personal data, and we may keep and use this anonymised information indefinitely without further notice to
you.
We use this to help us provide, develop and improve our services, including to:
• better understand how people use our Services,
•
•
provide our Partners and Clients with information about our Services, including user statistics (e.g.
total numbers, broad demographics statistics), and
develop useful insights and improvements to the Services.
---
What rights do you have with your personal information?
In certain circumstances, you have the following rights:
1. to be provided with a copy of your personal information held by us;
2. to request the correction or deletion of your personal information held by us;
3. to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information (while we verify or investigate
your concerns with this information, for example);
4. to object to the further processing of your personal information, including the right to object to
marketing;
5. to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party, and
6. to withdraw consent.
---
Cookie notice
Our Sites use cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-App codes, pixel tags and
web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code
that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and
sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered
when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to
manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalised content.