This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes what data are collected by JoyRide (the "Company,"
"we,” “us,” and “our”) and how the information is used and shared by the Company, its
subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Defined terms used here shall bear the same meaning as
defined in our Terms and Conditions of Use, unless otherwise stated.
---
As a condition for use of our service, you are consenting to this Policy and the collection, use,
access, transfer, storage and processing of your Personal Data as described in this Policy.
Personal Data simply means any information or data that can be used to distinguish, identify
or contact you. Our privacy policy values and protects your personal data under the Data
Privacy Act of 2012 and the laws of the Philippines and is in compliance with leading global
practices and regulations around data privacy and protection.
---
We implement a variety of security measures to safeguard your Personal Data and your
information, whether public or private will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any
other company for any reason whatsoever without your consent. Third party vendors like
Google, however, use cookies to serve ads on our site. If you are a parent or a legal guardian,
please do not allow a minor (individuals under 18 years of age) under your care to submit
Personal Data to the Company. In the event that such Personal Data is provided to the
Company, you hereby consent to the processing of the minor's Personal Data and personally
accept and agree to be bound by this Notice and take responsibility for his or her actions.
---
III. Additional Purposes of Processing

The Company may also use and process your data for other purposes such as (“Additional
Purposes"):

1. When you are subscribed, to send you alerts, newsletters, updates, mailers, promotional
materials, special privileges, festive greetings from the Company, its partners, sponsors
or advertisers;

2. To notify and invite you to events or activities organized by the Company, its partners,
sponsors or advertisers;

3. To process your registration to participate in or attend an event or activity and to
communicate with you regarding your attendance at the event or activity;

4. To share your Personal Data amongst its subsidiaries, associate companies and jointly
controlled entities as well as with its agent, vendor, supplier, partner, contractor or
service provider who may communicate with you to market their products, services,
events or promotions
---
V. Transfer of Personal Data to Other Jurisdictions

Your Personal Data may be transferred to, stored, used and processed in a jurisdiction other
than the country, province, and city in which you are domiciled (“Alternate Country") while
using any services provided by the Company, and/or where the Company's servers are located
outside of your home country or in an Alternate Country. You understand and consent to the
transfer of your Personal Data out of your home country or Alternate Country as described
herein.
---
VI. Disclosure to Third Parties

Your Personal Data may be transferred, accessed or disclosed to third parties for the above-
stated Purposes and Additional Purposes. Further, the Company may engage other companies,
service providers or individuals to perform functions on its behalf, and consequently may
provide access to or disclose your Personal Data to such service providers or third parties. The
third parties include, without limitation:

The Company's partners, which include parties with whom the Company collaborates with for
certain events, programs and activities; event management companies and event sponsors;
marketing research companies; service providers, including, information technology (IT)
service providers for infrastructure, software and development work; professional advisors and
external auditors, including legal advisors, financial advisors and consultants; and
Governmental authorities to comply with statutory, regulatory and governmental requirements.

Your Personal Data may also be shared in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a
sale of a subsidiary or a division, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event
of winding-up.
---
VIII. Links to Third-Party Websites

The Company website may contain links to third-party websites. The Company is not
responsible for the collection, use, maintenance, sharing, or disclosure of data and information
by such third parties. If you provide information directly to such sites, the privacy policy and
terms of service on those sites are applicable and the Company is not responsible for the
information processing practices or privacy policies of such sites.
---
online, either directly or through third parties. The Company's Cookie Policy is part of its
Privacy Policy.
---
By communicating with the Company, using the Company's services, purchasing products
from the Company or by virtue of your engagement with the Company, you acknowledge that
you have read and understood this Notice and agree and consent to the use, processing and
transfer of your Personal Data by the Company as described in this Policy.