Please carefully read this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”), which explains the categories of personal information that Videoshow Pte. Ltd
("we" "us" or "our") collects when you (the “User” or “You”) use our Video Maker Music Video Editor through its website (the
"Website") and its mobile application (the "Application”) (collectively, the Website and Application are the "Services"), how that
information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices.

---

•
Purchase Information: If you use features that involve payment, we and/or our payment providers, such as Google Pay and
Apple Pay, may collect information about the purchase or payment transaction, such as order information, purchase token, the
products you purchase, date and amount of the order, expiry date, currency code, country code.

---

③Third parties may use tracking technologies in connection with our Service, which may include the collection of information about your
online activities over time and across third party websites.
This Policy does not apply to these third party technologies because we may not control them and we are not responsible for them. Do Not
Track is a technology that enables users to opt out of tracking by websites they do not visit. Currently, we do not monitor or take any
action with respect to Do Not Track technology.

---

To comply with legal obligations and protect
the rights, privacy, safety or property of us, our
users or third parties

Account Information
Purchase Information
User Content
Device Information
Location Information
Usage Data
Log Data

Legitimate interests; Legal obligation

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
3. Sharing of Your Personal Data
Only when necessary will we share your personal data with the selected recipients, including:
• Service Providers and Business Partners
We may share your personal information with companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of
us for the purposes identified above. Such companies include providers of payment processing services, server services providers, data
analysis services providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers, email delivery service providers, social media, and other
marketing platforms and service providers. We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We
require that such vendors agree to protect the data we share with them in accordance with this Policy, and access, process, or store your
personal data only in the course of performing their duties to us. At the same time, we will clarify the privacy policy terms of these
vendors with you. They include:
(1) Third party tracking tools: Video Maker Music Video Editor may use third party tracking tools (such as Google Firebase Analytics) to
track the information on how users use the products and websites, such information will be stored in third party servers. Such third party
track tools may send the data analysis report to Video Maker Music Video Editor for Video Maker Music Video Editor's above mentioned
purpose. These third party tracking tools include but are not limited to the following;
Our partner firebase SDK will collect the following information from you: IP address, Users' names,Email addresses, iOS
UDIDs, Secure Android IDs, Passwords, Phone numbers, User agents, Instance IDs, Crash traces, Breakpad minidump
formatted data (NDK crashes only), Device specs (iOS). The above information will be used to uniquely identify the user to
provide statistics and data analysis services. To learn more about the personal information protection of firebase currently
involved in this situation, please click here. 【https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy】
(2) Payment processors: Video Maker Music Video Editor use qualified payment processors such as Apple and Google, please check their
terms of service and privacy policies for information about their use and storage of your personal data (where applicable).
• Authorities and others
If Video Maker Music Video Editor is under a duty to disclose or share such personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to
protect the rights, property or safety of its business, its customers or others. We may share information with law enforcement, government
authorities If the Request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that
disclosure is permitted by both jurisdictions. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole
discretion.
• Business transferees

---

We may share information with acquirers and other relevant participants (including but not limited to financial advisors, legal advisors) in
business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition,
reorganization, sale, or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in Video Maker Music Video
Editor (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In such a case, we will send prior notification to you, and use
reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy.

---

4. Links to Third-Party Websites, Products, and Services
To ensure smooth user experience, this website, our products, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and
services. Our products and services may also use or provide products or services from third parties. We do not have control over third-
party websites, products, and services, but you can choose whether to access these links.
We also have no control over the privacy or data protection policies of third parties, as such third parties are not bound by this Statement.
Before submitting personal data to third parties, please read and refer to their privacy or data protection policies.

---

5. Transfer of Your Personal Data
We use global cloud services to process and store your personal data. Currently, our servers are located in the United States and
Japan.
In addition, we may rely on service providers around the world to support our operations and provide services to you. As a result,
your personal data may be transferred to third party service providers and business partners in different locations for the purposes set
out in this Policy. If we transfer any Personal Data to a third country for one or more of the purposes set out in this Policy, we will
do so in accordance with the requirements of applicable local data protection laws. If you object to the transfer or use of your
information as described in this Policy, please do not use any of the Applications, Services or Websites and immediately remove all
of our Applications from your user device.

---

(2) The right of access
The User has the right to obtain access to its personal data (if Video Maker Music Video Editor is processing it), and other certain
information (similar to that provided in this privacy policy).you may request certain information about our disclosure of personal
information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be
made once a year.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
10. Revision of this Privacy Policy
Occasionally, we may change this privacy policy (or other documents related to privacy policy) to allow Video Maker Music Video Editor
to use or share your personal data differently. If we do, the links to the policy on our application (which are generally found in “Setting”)
will indicate that the policy has been changed. For new users, the change will become effective upon posting. For existing users, if the
change is significant, it will become effective after posting. We encourage you to periodically review the privacy policy for the latest
information on our privacy practices.

---

12. Supplemental Terms and Conditions for Certain Regions
European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and UK
If you are using the Services in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK (the “European Region"), the following sections of this article also apply
to you.
International data transfers.
When information under our control is transmitted or transferred to a third country other than the United States or Japan, or stored and
processed in a third country other than the United States or Japan, we utilize a variety of legal mechanisms to protect the transfer,
including adequacy decisions, standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, and other protections as appropriate.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
California
California privacy laws require specific disclosures. The following sections of this section detail additional information about the types of
personal data we collect and how we use and disclose this information. You can read more about the scope of the personal data we collect
and how we use it in "Collecting and Using Your Personal Data" above.

---

| Categories of personal data | Use of personal data | Disclosure of personal data |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| ● As noted above, we collect the following information: ● Account Information: such as your e-mail address, account name or other personal identifier. ● Purchase Information: such as order information, proof of purchase, the product you purchased, the date and amount of the order, the product expiration time, the currency of the transaction and the exchange in country code. ● User Content: such as prompts, text, images, audio recordings and videos that you enter, depending on the features you use. ● Device Information: This information may include your IP address (or other unique device identifier, including one that we may assign); certain details about your browser, operating system and hardware. ● Location Information: When you access our Services through a mobile device such as a cell phone, we may collect your location from your device for security reasons and to provide a better service experience. ● Usage Data: such as information about your device (e.g., phone model and brand), operating system (system version, ID and language), operation, the URL that | ● As noted above, we use this information for the following purposes: ● Identity verification; ● Operating our services; ● Communicating and contacting you; ● Improving our services; ● Marketing and advertising; ● Exercising our rights; ● Legal compliance; ● Protecting your information; | As noted above, we may disclose this information in the following circumstances: Service providers and business partners; Government agencies or other third parties for legal reasons; Complaining parties; Third party acquirers; |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Your rights
If you are a California resident and the CCPA does not recognize an exemption that applies to you or your Personal Information, you have
the right to:
(1) Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
— the categories of Personal Information about you that we collected;
— the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected and the purpose for collecting Personal Information about
you;
— the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you and the categories of Personal Information that
was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the Personal Information about you; and