1.1. This Agreement is the agreement concluded by and between you (hereinafter referred to as
the "User") and 70mai and its operation partner (hereinafter referred to as the "Partner")
concerning the User's downloading, installation and use of the software of 70mai automotive
accessories (hereinafter referred to as the "Software") of 70mai and use of relevant services of
70mai.

---

5.3. We may from time to time share with Xiaomi the data related to Xiaomi / Mijia / Mitu
brands and services, in order to provide and improve the exciting products and services
(including software and hardware) from Xiaomi and Xiaomi Ecological Chain, and offer
better features and user experience.

---

6.1. The User must procure the device required for Internet access and the usage of telecom
value-added services by the mobile terminal device, and bear the communication fees,
information fees and related costs incurred by Internet access of personal mobile terminal device
or charged by third parties (including but not limited to telecommunications and mobile
communication providers). If any telecom value-added services are needed, you are advised to
confirm the costs with your telecom value-added service provider.

---

6.2. Neither 70mai nor its Partner is liable for any loss suffered by the User due to reasons
attributable to third parties such as communication line failure, technical problem, network
or mobile terminal device failure, system instability and other various force majeure factors.

---

6.4. When the User uses the Software or requests 70mai to provide specific services, the
Software may call a third party system or software to support the User's use or access. The
results of the use or access will be provided by the third party. 70mai does not guarantee
the safety, accuracy and effectiveness of the results achieved through the support of the
said system or software, nor does 70mai assume any other uncertain risks; if any dispute or
damage is caused thereof, 70mai will not assume any liability.

---

6.5 70mai specifically draws the User's attention to that, in order to protect the company's
business development and adjustment autonomy, 70mai has the right to modify or suspend
the services at any time without notice to the User and without any liability to the User or
any third party.

---

6.7. The User shall be solely liable for any personal injuries or incidental or consequential
damages, including but not limited to loss of profit, loss of data, business interruption or
other commercial damages arising out of or in connection with: (1) the use or failure to use
the licensed Software; (2) unauthorized use of the Software or modification of the User's
data by a third party; (3) costs and losses incurred by the User during use of the Software;
(4) misunderstanding by the User of the Software; (5) other losses in connection with the
Software for reasons not attributable to 70mai.

---

8.2. 70mai or the Partner reserves the right from time to time and at its sole discretion to
modify or change the paid services provided, the charging criteria, charging mode, service
charges or service terms. In providing the services, 70mai may start to charge some users
for certain fees now or in the future. If the User refuses to pay such fees, the User will not
be able to continue using relevant services after the charging starts. 70mai and the Partner
will do their utmost to notify the User of any amendments or changes by email or otherwise.

---

This Privacy Policy sets out how 70mai Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“70mai", "we", "our" or
"us") and its affiliated companies collect, use, disclose, process and protect any information that
you give us when you use our products and services located at www.70mai.com and our Suite of
applications that we offer on our mobile devices. Should we ask you to provide certain information
by which you can be identified when using 70mai products and services, it will only be used in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or our terms and conditions for users.

---

We are equally committed to ensuring that all our employees and agents uphold these obligations.

---

HOW THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
Personal information is collected for providing services and / or products to you, and legal
compliance on our part under applicable laws. You hereby consent that we may process and
disclose personal information to our affiliated companies (which are in the communications, social
media, technology and cloud businesses), Third Party Service Providers (defined below) for the
purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.

---

DIRECT MARKETING
We may use your name, phone number, and email address, Mi Account ID, 70mai Account ID and
IMEI number to provide marketing materials to you relating to goods and services of 70mai
companies and our business partners which offer network, mobile applications and cloud
products and services. To provide better user experience, we may recommend above-mentioned
products, services and activities based on information about your purchase history, website
browsing history, birthday, age, gender, and location. We will only so use your personal data after
we have obtained your consent or indication of no objection in accordance with local data
protection laws, which may require separate explicit consent. You have the right to opt out of our
proposed use of your personal data for direct marketing. If you no longer wish to receive certain
types of email communications you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe link located at the
bottom of each communication. We will not transfer your personal data to our business partners
for use by our business partners in direct marketing.

---

COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES (ONLY WHEN BROWSING WWW.70MAI.COM)
• What information is collected and how do we use them? Technologies such as cookies, tags,
and scripts are used by 70mai and our Third Party Service Providers. These technologies are
used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movements around the website

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive
reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as
aggregated basis.

---

• Advertising: We partner with our Third Party Service Providers to either display advertising on
our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our Third Party Service Provider may
use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and
other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and
interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-
based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here.

---

• Local Storage – HTML5/Flash: We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 or Flash
to store content and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain
features on our Sites or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use
HTML5 or Flash cookies to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own
management tool for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash cookies, please click here
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.h
tml.

---

WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?

---

We may disclose your personal information on occasion to third parties (as described below) in
order to provide the products or services that you have requested.

---

Disclosure may be made to Third Party Service Providers and affiliated companies listed in this
section below. In each case described in this section, you can be assured that 70mai will only
share your personal information in accordance with your consent. You should know that when
70mai shares your personal information with a Third Party Service Provider under any
circumstance described in this section, 70mai will contractually specify that the third party is
subject to practices and obligations to comply with applicable local data protection laws. 70mai
will contractually ensure compliance by any Third Party Service Providers with the privacy
standards that apply to them in your home jurisdiction.

---

SHARING WITH OUR GROUP AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In order to conduct business operations smoothly in providing you with the full capabilities of our
products and services, we may disclose your personal information from time to time to other
70mai affiliated companies (in communications, social media, technology or cloud businesses), or
our third party service providers which are our mailing houses, delivery service providers,
telecommunications companies, data centres, data storage facilities, customer service providers,
advertising and marketing service providers, and 70mai's representatives. Such Third Party
Service Providers would be processing your personal information on 70mai's behalf or for one or
more of the purposes listed above. We may share your IP address with third parties when using
certain mobile applications on our device in order to provide you with some of the services you
requested. If you no longer wish to allow us to share this information, please contact us at
privacy@70mai.com.

---

SHARING WITH OUR GROUP'S ECOSYSTEM COMPANIES
Xiaomi works together with a cool group of companies, which together form the Mi Ecosystem.
The Mi Ecosystem companies are independent entities, invested and incubated by Xiaomi, and are
experts in their fields. 70mai may disclose your personal data to the Xiaomi or other Mi Ecosystem
companies so as to provide you with and improve the exciting products and services (both
hardware and software) from the Mi Ecosystem. Some of these products and services will still be
under the Xiaomi brand, while others may use their own brand. If 70mai is involved in a merger,
acquisition or asset sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a
prominent notice on our website, of any changes in ownership, uses of your personal information,
and choices you may have regarding your personal information.

---

SHARING WITH OTHERS
70mai may disclose your personal information without further consent when required under
applicable law.

---

INFORMATION NOT REQUIRING CONSENT
We may share anonymised information and statistics in aggregate form with third parties for
business purposes, for example with advertisers on our website, we may share them trends about
the general use of our services, such as the number of customers in certain demographic groups
who purchased certain products or who carried out certain transactions.

---

For the avoidance of doubt, 70mai may collect, use or disclose your personal information without
your consent if it is and only to the extent it is allowed explicitly under local data protection laws.
Such disclosure may be brought about by the necessity to protect our rights, ensure the safety of
you and other people, and comply with the requirements of the local government to facilitate the
investigations of illegal activities.

---

All your personal information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities.
We classify your data based on importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your personal
information has the highest security level. We make sure that our employees and Third Party
Service Providers who access the information to help provide you with our products and services
are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if
they fail to meet such obligations. We have special access controls for cloud based data storage
as well. All in all, we regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices,
including physical security measures, to guard against any unauthorised access and use.

---

• 70mai cannot be held responsible for lapses in security caused by third party accesses to your
personal information as a result of your failure to keep your personal information private.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you must notify us immediately if there is any unauthorised use
of your account by any other Internet user or any other breach of security.

---

70mai recognises that privacy concerns differ from person to person. Therefore, we provide
examples of ways 70mai makes available for you to choose to restrict the collection, use,
disclosure or processing of your personal information and control your privacy settings:

---

• You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal
information in our possession or control by submitting a request. This may be done by
accessing your Mi Account management centre at xiaomi.com/pass/del. We will process your
request within a reasonable time from when the request was made, and thereafter not collect,
use and/or disclose your personal information as per your request.

---

TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF YOUR JURISDICTION
To the extent that we may need to transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction,
whether to our affiliated companies (which are in the communications, social media, technology
and cloud businesses) or Third Party Service Providers, we shall do so in accordance with the
applicable laws. In particular, we will ensure that all transfers will be in accordance with
requirements under your applicable local data protection laws by putting in place appropriate
safeguards.

---

70mai may use overseas facilities operated and controlled by 70mai to process or back up your
personal information. Currently, 70mai has data centres in Beijing, United States, Singapore and
French. These overseas jurisdictions may or may not have in place data protection laws which are
substantially similar to that in your home jurisdiction. We may transfer to and store your personal
information at our overseas facilities. However, this does not change any of our commitments to
safeguard your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

---

We will seek your fresh consent before we collect more personal information from
you or when we wish to use or disclose your personal information for new purposes.

---

DO I HAVE TO AGREE TO ANY THIRD PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS?
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to products and services offered by a third party. 70mai
products and services may include third parties' products, services and links to third parties'
websites. When you use such products or services, they may collect your information too. For this
reason, we strongly suggest that you read the third party's privacy policy as you have taken time
to read ours. We are not responsible for and cannot control how third parties use personal
information which they collect from you. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites linked
from our services.

---

Here are third party terms and privacy policies that apply when you use these specific products:
• By using the Google Input Method, you are agreeing to Google's terms:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
• By using the SwiftKey Input Method, you are agreeing to SwiftKey's terms:
http://swiftkey.com/en/privacy
• By using the Fleksy Input Method, you are agreeing to Fleksy's terms:
http://feedback.fleksy.com/tos

---

SOCIAL MEDIA (FEATURES) AND WIDGETS
Our websites include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such
as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may
collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the
Feature to function properly. Social media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party
or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the
privacy policy of the company providing it.

---

Depending on your jurisdiction, you may be able to log in to our website using sign-on services
such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity,
provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email
address) with us, and to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you
the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share
with others within your network.

---

If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or any questions relating to
70mai's collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact our Data
Protection Officer at the address below referencing "Privacy Policy":