Nawy (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how
your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Nawy.

---

• Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing
partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may
interest you.

---

Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
We may share the information that we collect, both personal and non-personal, with third parties
such as advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide
our content or whose products or services we think may interest you. We may also share it with our
current and future affiliated companies and business partners, and if we are involved in a merger,
asset sale or other business reorganization, we may also share or transfer your personal and non-
personal information to our successors-in-interest.

---

We may engage trusted third party service providers to perform functions and provide services to us,
such as hosting and maintaining our servers and the website/app, database storage and
management, e-mail management, storage marketing, credit card processing, customer service and
fulfilling orders for products and services you may purchase through the website/app. We will likely
share your personal information, and possibly some non-personal information, with these third
parties to enable them to perform these services for us and for you.

---

We may share portions of our log file data, including IP addresses, for analytics purposes with third
parties such as web analytics partners, application developers, and ad networks. If your IP address is
shared, it may be used to estimate general location and other technographics such as connection
speed, whether you have visited the website/app in a shared location, and type of the device used to
visit the website/app. They may aggregate information about our advertising and what you see on
the website/app and then provide auditing, research and reporting for us and our advertisers.

---

We may also disclose personal and non-personal information about you to government or law
enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate
in order to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect our rights and interests
or those of a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical,
or legally actionable activity, or to otherwise comply with applicable court orders, laws, rules and
regulations.

---

How Do We Use Your Email Address?
By submitting your email address on this website/app, you agree to receive emails from us. You can
cancel your participation in any of these email lists at any time by clicking on the opt-out link or other
unsubscribe option that is included in the respective email. We only send emails to people who have
authorized us to contact them, either directly, or through a third party. We do not send unsolicited
commercial emails, because we hate spam as much as you do. By submitting your email address,
you also agree to allow us to use your email address for customer audience targeting on sites like
Facebook, where we display custom advertising to specific people who have opted-in to receive
communications from us. Email addresses submitted only through the order processing page will be
used for the sole purpose of sending you information and updates pertaining to your order. If,
however, you have provided the same email to us through another method, we may use it for any of
the purposes stated in this Policy. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving
future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

---

How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Nawy to you and fulfill the purposes
described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who
carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no
need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we'll either remove it from our
systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.

---

How Do We Protect Your Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information
when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a
secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible
by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the
information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security
numbers, financials, etc.) is never kept on file. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the absolute
security of any information you transmit to Nawy or guarantee that your information on the Service
may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or
managerial safeguards.

---

Could my information be transferred to other countries?
Nawy is incorporated in Egypt. Information collected via our website/app, through direct interactions
with you, or from use of our help services may be transferred from time to time to our offices or
personnel, or to third parties, located throughout the world, and may be viewed and hosted anywhere
in the world, including countries that may not have laws of general applicability regulating the use
and transfer of such data. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, by using any of the above,
you voluntarily consent to the trans-border transfer and hosting of such information.

---

Customers have the right to request the restriction of certain uses and disclosures of personally
identifiable information as follows. You can contact us in order to (1) update or correct your personally
identifiable information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other
information you receive from us, or (3) delete the personally identifiable information maintained
about you on our systems (subject to the following paragraph), by cancelling your account. Such
updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have no effect on other information that we
maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy
prior to such update, correction, change or deletion. To protect your privacy and security, we may
take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting
you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your
unique password and account information at all times.

---

Personnel
If you are a Nawy worker or applicant, we collect information you voluntarily provide to us. We use the
information collected for Human Resources purposes in order to administer benefits to workers and
screen applicants.
You may contact us in order to (1) update or correct your information, (2) change your preferences
with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) receive a record of
the information we have relating to you. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have
no effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties
in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion.

---

Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Nawy or any of its Corporate Affiliates (as defined
herein), or that portion of Nawy or any of its Corporate Affiliates to which the Service relates, or in the
event that we discontinue our business or file a petition or have filed against us a petition in
bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to
the terms of this Privacy Policy.

---

Affiliates
We may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or
indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Nawy, whether by ownership or
otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be treated by
those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

---

Remarketing Services
We use remarketing services. What Is Remarketing? In digital marketing, remarketing (or retargeting)
is the practice of serving ads across the internet to people who have already visited your
website/app. It allows your company to seem like they're “following" people around the internet by
serving ads on the websites and platforms they use most.

---

Third-Party Services
We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information,
applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third-
Party Services").
You acknowledge and agree that Nawy shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including
their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or
any other aspect thereof. Nawy does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to
you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.
Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access
and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.

---

Facebook Pixel
Facebook pixel is an analytics tool that allows you to measure the effectiveness of your advertising by
understanding the actions people take on your website/app. You can use the pixel to: Make sure your
ads are shown to the right people. Facebook pixel may collect information from your device when you
use the service. Facebook pixel collects information that is held in accordance with its Privacy Policy

---

Individual Data Subject's Rights – Data Access, Portability and Deletion
We are committed to helping our customers meet the data subject rights requirements of GDPR.
Nawy processes or stores all personal data in fully vetted, DPA compliant vendors. We do store all
conversation and personal data for up to 6 years unless your account is deleted. In which case, we
dispose of all data in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, but we will not hold it
longer than 60 days.