Please note that when through our website or application you make a comment
on social networks, the person responsible for the Data you provide through
them will be the corresponding social network and not Wallapop, and you must
contact said social network to exercise, where appropriate, your data protection
rights, which you can consult in the section “What are your personal data
protection rights" of this Privacy Policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• Categories of data: Social network data(Information collected when you
use Wallapop's social media for informational purposes only – Information
processed by third-party social media providers)

---

• Collected data:The very use of our Platforms does not generally involve
data processing activities (including data transfers) in connection with third
party media platforms and/or social networks (such as Facebook and
Instagram, "External Platforms“). However, if you accept the provided
targeting cookie (if and when applicable) or if you use the sharing buttons
that allow you to share Wallapop content with your friends through these
External Platforms, the External Platforms may (subject to their own legal
basis) collect and otherwise process personal data about you for the
purpose of providing you with personalized advertising. For more
information on the scope and purposes of the data processed by the
External Platform provider, including your rights and settings options to
protect your privacy, please refer to the privacy notice of the respective
External Platform provider.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• BASIS OF LEGITIMACY: This processing will only be carried out if you give
us your consent to do so.
• PURPOSE: If you have given us your express consent to this effect, we will
communicate your data to third party companies outside of Wallapap in

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• BASIS OF LEGITIMACY:Notification of income and tax data by legal
obligation.
• PURPOSE:In the event that you reach a certain amount of revenue or sales
we are required to collect and report such revenue and tax data under the
DAC7 Directive.
• STORAGE PERIOD:The data will be kept for a period not exceeding 10
years in accordance with the Directive.

--- [SECTION: With whom do we share your personal data?] ---

With whom do we share your personal
data?
In order to fulfill the purposes indicated in this privacy policy, it is necessary for
us to provide access to your personal data and to third parties that support us in
the services we offer you, among which are: financial entities, tax and fraud
prevention entities, government agencies, technology service providers,
transport and logistics service providers and partners, marketing and advertising
companies, and customer service and complaint or claim management
companies.
In this regard, we only select service providers that offer adequate guarantees
through internal processes defined by both Wallapop's legal and privacy
departments, guaranteeing at all times the transparency and privacy of your
personal data.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

limited liability company incorporated under Luxembourg law with its
registered office at 2, Avenue Amélie, L-1125 Luxembourg and registered with
the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B173459
("Mangopay"), as detailed in our Terms and Conditions. You can find more
information about the data processing carried out by Mangopay here.

---

Under no circumstances does Wallapop share user data with third party
companies, inside or outside the European Union, for purposes other than the
provision of the service without your explicit consent and without having
complied with the right of information.

---

Only when you provide us with your express consent through our consent
management platform, we will share some personal data with Partners (such as
Google Ireland Limited, Amazon Ad Server, Magnite, Inc or LiveRamp France)
with the strict purpose of ads targeting and delivery. You can check the full list
of Partners and gather further information about the processing of your personal
data in the Partners' own privacy policies linked in our consent management
platform accessible through the following link.

---

In addition to the above, you should be aware that, whether you are a
Professional User or a Consumer User, certain identification and contact data
may be accessible and visible to other Users in specific situations of use of the
platform (for example, if you open a chat with a potential seller, he/she may see
your username or if you close a sale through the platform using the Wallapop
shipping service, the seller may have access to your name and address in order
to carry out the shipping).

---

For reasons of availability or efficiency of the service, some of our suppliers are
located in territories outside the European Economic Area that cannot provide a
level of data protection comparable to that of the European Union, such as the
United States. In such cases, we inform you that we transfer your data with
appropriate safeguards and always keep your data secure:
• The providers are certified in the Data Privacy Framework Program,
certification that you can consult in the following
link: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
• With other suppliers we have signed Standard Contractual Clauses
approved by the Commission, the content of which can be consulted at

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

If you wish to exercise your data protection rights with respect to Mangopay,
our payment services provider linked to the Wallet, please send an email to
dpo.mangopay@mangopay.com directly requesting the specific data
protection right you wish to exercise.