Revisions and Modifications to our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we
make a material change to this policy that affects the way we intend to collect, use or
share personal information we will post notice at the top of this policy prior to making the
change. If we have your contact information on record, we will also use that to notify you
of the change before it is made.
---
The U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and the regulations
implementing it (the “COPPA Rule”), require that we inform parents and legal guardians
about how we collect, use, and disclose Personal information from children under 13
years of age (“child” or “children”), and that we obtain the consent of parents and
guardians in order for children to use certain features of our App, when we use the term
“parent” below, we mean to include legal guardians. Dramaton has developed this App to
be an enjoyable experience for our users, including children. We recognize the need to
provide further privacy protections with respect to Personal Information that we may
collect from children on our Apps and structured the features to minimize the requirement
---
Service providers used in relation to children
Dramaton uses restricted versions of service providers in our apps to help provide you
with the best experience possible. Personal information collected by these service
providers is not used for any other purpose other than outlined and is not shared with any
other third parties.
---
We use the following ad networks in our apps. These ad networks may collect an IP
address, advertising ID and device ID to serve contextual ads and for ad frequency
capping.
• Chartboost
•
Digital Turbine
• Google AdMob and Ad Manager
• IronSource
• KIDOZ
•
Unity
• Liftoff (formerly Vungle)
• Mintegral
• SuperAwesome
---
In addition, our Apps may display contextual advertisements served by SuperAwesome
Trading Limited (“SuperAwesome”), a provider of kid-safe advertising services that are
designed specifically for the compliance requirements of younger audiences, including
those aged under the age of digital consent. SuperAwesome is certified as COPPA-
compliant by the kidSAFE Seal Program, an FTC-Approved COPPA Safe Harbor
Program. Please go to www.kidsafeseal.com for more information. SuperAwesome is a
valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board's
Privacy Certified Program (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). To protect your privacy,
SuperAwesome has voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative, and its services have
been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online
information collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy
program, SuperAwesome's services are subject to frequent audits and other enforcement
and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
SuperAwesome also provides advertising services in compliance with the General Data
Protection Regulation (EU 1996/679) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Adopting an approach of 'privacy by design and by default', SuperAwesome utilises
proprietary technologies so that it neither collects, stores nor shares your personal data
to provision advertisements or target advertising to you. SuperAwesome acts as a service
provider, as defined by the CCPA, and does not use data collected from children under
the age of 16 for any purpose other than to provide contextual advertising for our app.
You may contact SuperAwesome directly at privacy@superawesome.com or by post:
Privacy Team, SuperAwesome Trading Limited, Octagon Point, 5 Cheapside, London,
EC2V 6AA, United Kingdom.
---
We use Google Firebase for analytics to help learn more about how you use the app or
interact with our ads.
---
We work with AppsFlyer to help us better understand how our users interact with ads.
---
User Generated Content and Content Sharing Feature
Certain activities on our App allow users to create or manipulate content and save it on
their Device, post the content publicly on social networks or share it with a third party for
the third party's own use. Examples of created content that may involve the collection of
Personal Information are:
• The ability to “Send Slime Gifts to Friends” feature, which can be loaded and
played on a third party's device. Gifts may be sent by clicking the gift icon and
sharing a gift link via 3rd party messaging and social apps.
• The ability to share images of slime from the app.
Please note that when you choose to share content through a third party platform such
as Facebook or WhatsApp, we will not continue to collect the information included in that
followed interaction. Also, any use of a third party platform will be subject to such third
party's terms and conditions and privacy policy practices.
As the App enables the user to interact with other users via third party platforms, we
encourage parents to review the sharing feature our App includes, and assure that they
approve any interaction that may be initiated by their child when using this feature.
---
Information We Obtain From Our Affiliates
Your Personal Information will be collected by our billing partners if you make an in-game
purchase. Please note that we only sell Dramaton in-app virtual items related to the
applicable App, and we don't sell or market any third-party products. If making such a
purchase, your credit card or other payment information will be collected and processed
by the third-party service provider (e.g., Google Play, Apple App Store), but will never be
passed on to us.
---
Disclosure of Information and Transfer of Data
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or as required under applicable law,
we never intentionally disclose any of your Personal Information, to any third party
without having received your permission.
In order to perform our contractual and other legal responsibilities or purposes, we may,
from time to time, need to share your Personal Information with third parties. We may
share your Personal Information with our affiliates, parent, subsidiaries or any third party
service providers and individuals to facilitate the services of our App or any portion
thereof, such as marketing, data management or maintenance services. We may also
share your information with analytics service providers for analytics services. Such
analytics service providers set their own cookies or other identifiers on your computer or
mobile device, through which they can collect information about your usage of our App.
This helps us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our App.
For users above the age of 13 we may disclose information to the following third parties:
• AppsFlyer for mobile measurement, fraud prevention and analytics. More
information at https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Contact: dataprotection@applovin.com
• Google for Google Firebase analytics (analytics) and Google Admob
(advertisement). More information can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Contact: data-protection-office@google.com
• Unity Technologies for analytics and advertisement purposes. More
information can be found at https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Contact: support@unity3d.com
• Meta (Facebook) for adsvertising. More information at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Contact: https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/507739850846588
• IronSource Mobile Ltd for advertising. More information at
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-
privacy-policy/
Contact: dpo@ironsrc.com
mobile-gdpr-request@ironsrc.com
• AppLovin Corporation for advertising. More information at
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Contact: privacy@appsflyer.com
• Liftoff (formerly Vungle), Inc. for advertising. More information at
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Contact: gdpr@liftoff.io
• Mintegral for advertising. More information
at https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Contact: privacy@mintegral.com
• Digital Turbine (formerly Fyber) for ads. More information at
https://www.digitalturbine.com/fyber-website-privacy-policy/
Contact: legal@fyber.com
• SuperAwesome for advertising. More information
at https://www.superawesome.com/privacy-hub/privacy-policy/
Contact: privacy@superawesome.com
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
The above mentioned third parties may be located in countries other than your own, and
we may send them information we receive (see “Where we Process Your Personal
Information” below). When such third party service providers process your Personal
Information on our behalf, we will assure that they comply with obligations similar to
those which are set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will also assure that they will abide by
our data privacy and security requirements and will be allowed to use the Personal
Information solely for the purposes we set. We will transfer your Personal Information
while using appropriate and suitable safeguards, while using a variety of legal
mechanisms, including contracts, to ensure your rights and protections travel with your
data.
We may also transfer your information, including Personal Information, in connection with
a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other
fundamental corporate changes. Furthermore, information about you may also be
released in order to comply with any valid legal obligation or inquiry or process such as a
search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information
in special cases, such as if you use the App to perform an unlawful act or omission or
take any act or omission that may damage Dramaton, its property and goodwill, or if
there is an attempted breach of the security of the App or a physical or property threat to
you or others. The authority supervising such activities is the Israeli Privacy Protection
Authority, and you have the right to file a complaint to it or any other relevant supervisory
authority.
---
Where we Process your Personal Information
Our service is global by nature and your Information can be collected from players
anywhere in the world. Currently your Information is processed by our employees and
service providers in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the UK, Israel and the USA.
Israel and the UK are countries which the European Commission has decided offer an
adequate level of data protection. Because countries outside of the EEA may have
different data protection laws, we take steps to ensure that all transfers are protected by
adequate safeguards, including the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission.
---
6. Receive your Personal Information and to receive an explanation of how we use it
and who we share it with. The right is not absolute. For example, we cannot reveal
trade secrets or give your Personal Information about other individuals. or ask us to
transfer it to another organization that you have provided to us, which we process
by automated means, where our processing is either based on your consent or is
necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
---
Generally, with regard to information collected on our App, Dramaton is a "Data
Controller". Therefore, if you wish to exercise the above mentioned rights, please contact
us, and we will make our best efforts to fulfill your request. Note that where the Personal
Information is held by a third party data controller, such as an advertising partner, we will
use reasonable steps to inform them of your request, but we recommend you contact
them directly in accordance with their own privacy policies to ensure your Information
containing personal data is erased.
---
Although we will do our best to
protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our
site or to group companies, and transmission is at the users own risk.
---
ADDENDUM 1 – CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The terms of this Addendum apply to residents of California under the California
Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and related applicable laws. Collection and Disclosure of
Personal Information Over the past 12 months, through your use of the Games, we may
have collected and disclosed the following categories of personal information, as defined
in the CCPA, from or about you:
---
• Internet or other electronic network activity information, including your use of in-
game features and events and information on your in-game activity, and information
on your interactions with advertising shown in on our Games. This information is
collected from our selected third party analytics providers and advertising partners.
---
We may disclose personal information to the following types of entities:
• Other players and users should you choose to share chat data via a Game with a
chat feature;
• Our affiliate companies within our corporate group who process personal
information in order to operate the Games;
• Marketing and advertising partners who use your information to serve you ads in
the Games and on other sites;
• Other companies that provide services on our behalf who are prohibited by contract
from retaining, using, or disclosing personal information for any purpose other than
for providing the services to us;
•
Regulators, judicial authorities and law enforcement agencies;
• Entities that acquire all or substantially all of our business.
---
SALES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION [Do Not Sell My Personal Information]
Over the past 12 months, we have used third party advertising and other tracking
technologies on our Games to collect information about you, your device(s), and your use
of our Games. We share that information with selected third parties such as advertising
partners who use it to target advertisements to you online. To opt out of sale of personal
information please contact us at privacy@dramaton.com.
---
• the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about
you and the categories of personal information that was disclosed (if applicable)
and the purpose for disclosing the personal information about you; and
---
• Obtain information about the third parties with whom we share your personal
information.