The Types of Personal Data We Collect and Use
• Information you share with us. This is the information about you or relating to
you that is voluntarily shared by you on Boomplay. Information you share with us
may include without limitation postings that you make on Boomplay (including
your public profile, name, identification number, address, email address, social
media login details, telephone number, information about your device, your
browsing records, the comments you make on Boomplay, as well as account and
billing details, the lists you create, and photos, videos and voice recordings as
accessed with your prior consent through your device settings you turn on), any
postings from others that you re-post and location data and log data associated
with such postings. Information you share with us also includes information about
you (including location data and log data) that others who are using Boomplay
share about you. Information you share with us will remain publicly-available for so
long as you or a user that has shared such information retains it.
---
• Information you share from your social networks. If you choose to link
Boomplay to your social network or public forum account (including without
limitation Facebook, Twitter or Google account), you may provide us or allow your
social network to provide us with information from your social network or public
forum accounts. This data may include your use of Boomplay on such public forums
and/or social networks. For further information as to how and for what purpose the
social network provider processes your data, please see their privacy policies.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Information from third parties. We may receive information if you use any of the
other websites we operate or other Services we provide. We may also receive
information from third parties (such as advertising networks and analytics
providers) and from other sources, including business directories and other
commercially or publicly available sources.
---
• Contact Information. We may collect contact information from your contact list,
address book and your social network to help you and others find people you may
know and enable you to link your Boomplay contact list with the contact lists on
your device and/or in your account on third party services. We will ask for your
consent to access your contact list and address book before doing so. You may at
any time allow or disallow us to access your contact list and address book by
changing your settings.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•Third-party Services. If you connect your Boomplay account with a
third-party service, such as Facebook, Google, Instagram, Whatsapp or Email, we
may collect information from such third-party service, including without limitation
your third-party service user name, gender, profile image, birthday and third-party
service contact list.
---
[SECTION: Cookies]
• Targeting Cookies. These Cookies record your visit to Boomplay, the pages you
have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make
Boomplay and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We
may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
---
"Do not track" signals are preferences that users can set on their web browser to
limit how their activity is tracked across third-party websites or online services.
Boomplay does not respond to "do not track" signals in your web browser.
---
[SECTION: Analytics information]
On Boomplay, we use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and
usage trends for the Services. Traffic refers to the different data flows surrounding
activities of the users on the Services. These tools, for example, collect information
sent by your device or our Services, including the pages you visit, add-ons, and
other information that assists us in improving the Service. The information will be
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
used to report and evaluate user activities and to assist us in providing our Services to
provide services in accordance with these activities.
---
[SECTION: How We Use Your Personal Data]
• To allow other users to identify you as a user of the Service and to support the
socializing function of the Services;
---
• To provide you with your profile information to send to anyone you choose and to
enable you to participate on Boomplay and interact with other users;
---
• To make your information available to other users in accordance with the privacy
settings you chose for the respective information;
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: How We Share Your Personal Data]
We may share your personal data with selected third parties in or outside your
country, including without limitation:
• Our business partners so that we can make you special offers via Boomplay;
• With respect to on-screen ads, advertisers and advertising networks that require
the data to select and serve advertisements to you and others. Without your
consent, we will not share your contact details to our business partners to avoid
direct contact from them, but we may share other information so that they can
make you offers tailored to your requirements;
• Cloud storage providers to store the information you provide and for disaster
recovery services, as well as for the performance of any contract we have entered
into with you;
• Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and
optimization of Boomplay.
• IT service providers that help develop, maintain, secure and optimize the
Boomplay framework;
• Our data center and the servers of our host providers.
We may share your information with any member or affiliate of our group, which
includes our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and
companies that we control, are controlled by or under common control, and our
service providers and strategic business partners, and their respective subsidiaries,
in each case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above (“ How We
Use Your Personal Data ").
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public or tax
authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good
faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
• Comply with a legal obligation, process or request (including tax and related
reporting requirements);
• Enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards,
including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
• Detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues;
• Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as
required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other
companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk
reduction).
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
• In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may
disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
• If we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some
or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the
transferred assets. In any such cases, the third party company or business will
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and whatever will result in a change in
any of the provisions herein, such changes will be communicated to you and you
will be given the chance to consent or opt out at your discretion.
---
[SECTION: The Security of Your Personal Data]
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner
networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites,
please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not
accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies
before you submit any information to these websites.