The protection and security of your Personal Information and Usage Information
(as defined below) is one of our top priorities. This Privacy Policy discloses and
explains how we collect, use, share and protect Personal Information, Usage
Information or any other information about you. We also provide information
regarding how you can access and update your Personal Information and make
certain choices about how your Personal Information is used by us. This Privacy
Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline)
or from other sources.

---

This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Dashtoon
when you access the Website, how the information will be used, and how you can
control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or
share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The
use of information collected through our Website shall be limited to the purposes
under this Privacy Policy.

---

2.4.3 Information Third Parties Provide About You:
We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you
through our Website with outside records from third parties obtained rightfully in
order to enhance our ability to serve you, tailor our content to you and offer you
opportunities to use such of our products or services that we believe may be of
interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from such third-party
sources with information we collect through the Website or through independent
research conducted by Dashtoon, with your consent. In these cases, we will apply
this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless otherwise
provided. We may process such information received from third parties for
legitimate commercial purposes or to enter into contractual obligations with you
or to fulfil certain contractual obligations or where you have requested third
parties to provide information about yourself to us

---

2.5 Processing of Data:
Dashtoon may also process any Personal Information or Usage Information
collected from you for legitimate commercial purposes including to provide you
with the requisite information requested. A list of uses of the Personal Information
and Usage Information collected is provided in Section 3 of this Policy (Use of
Information Collected). Dashtoon implements appropriate technical and
organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our
processing of information about individuals such as (i) only sharing and providing
access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to
confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis
wherever possible; (ii) using secure servers to store your information; (iii) verifying
the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting
them access to information; and (iv) using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software or
other similar encryption technologies to encrypt any payment transactions you
make on or via our website.

---

2.6 Right of a user in relation to data submitted:
Any user who has submitted Personal Information on the Website has the right to
(i) access, correct, or delete such Personal Information subject to us successfully
verifying your identity; (ii) object to us processing your Personal Information on
legitimate grounds; (iii) to withdraw your consent to our use of your information at
any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information; (iv)
opting out of receiving any promotional or marketing material by clicking on the
“Unsubscribe" button or by contacting us at the E-mail ID mentioned in Section
18.2 (Customer Services). Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will
not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the
basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent; (v)
right to have the Personal Information transferred to another data controller; and
(vi) lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, of an alleged infringement of
applicable data protection laws. Any request received by us by the user in relation
to the aforesaid shall be acknowledged by us within 72 (seventy-two) business
hours.

---

3.1 Business Purposes:
Dashtoon does not share any Personal Information with any third party without
your consent, except when directed by the law. Dashtoon can use this data to
verify user identity in line with engagement initiated by the user. We will
communicate with you using the contact information provided by you in order to
respond to any queries that you may have and to provide any information that you
may request regarding the Products or services. We may communicate with you
either by written, physical communication, email, telephone, SMS or via
notifications on your mobile device. We may also send strictly product or service-
related announcements to you periodically and when it is necessary to do so. For
instance, if our products or services are temporarily suspended for maintenance,
we might send you an email, text message, flash notification or telephone call. If
you do not wish to receive such alerts, you have the option to unsubscribe from
such emails by writing to us at the E-mail ID mentioned in Section 18.2(Customer
Services).

---

3.2 Anonymous:
We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregated user statistics and
log data, with our business partners for industry analysis, demographic profiling,
to deliver targeted advertising about other products or products or services, or for
other business purposes. This information is solely used to analyze the company
website and understand usage statistics, as mentioned above, is anonymous. The
company may share this data with its business partners on an anonymous basis.
We do not sell, share, rent or trade the information we have collected about you,
including Personal Information, other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy or
at the time you provide your information. We do not share your Personal
Information with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes
unless you consent to such sharing at the time you provide your Personal
Information.

---

3.3 Administrative and Legal Reasons:
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties
to enforce and comply with the law. Thus, we may access, use, store, transfer and
disclose your information (including Personal Information), including disclosure to
third parties such as government or law enforcement officials or private parties as
we reasonably determine is necessary and appropriate: (i) to satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, governmental requests or legal process; (ii) to protect the safety,
rights, property or security of Dashtoon, our products or services, the Website or
any third party; (iii) to protect the safety of the public for any reason; (iv) to detect,
prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and /or (v) to
prevent or stop any activity we consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal,
unethical, or legally actionable activity. Such disclosures may be carried out
without notice to you.

---

3.4 Business Transfer:
We may share your information, including your Personal Information and Usage
Information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons. We
also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a
subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Website or applicable database; or
(ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of
substantially all of our membership interests and/or assets or other corporate
change, including, during the course of any due diligence process. You will be
notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in
ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may
have regarding your personal information. We will endeavour that the transferee
who is the recipient of Personal Information and Usage Information commits to
privacy measures which are substantially similar to the measures under this
privacy policy.

---

5. DATA TRANSFER
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States of America or
any other country in which Dashtoon or its subsidiaries, affiliates or products or
service providers maintain facilities. Dashtoon may transfer information that we
collect about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities, or to other
third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other
countries or jurisdictions around the world. These countries may have data
protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and, in some cases,
may not be as protective. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that
your information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

---

15. CONSENT
By consenting to the terms under this Privacy Policy, you are expressly granting
Dashtoon the right to collect, share, transfer, store, retain, disseminate or use the
Personal Information/Usage Information collected by Dashtoon from your usage of
the Website in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. You may, at any
time, withdraw consent for the collection or processing of Personal
Information/Usage Information by sending an email at the E-mail ID mentioned in
Section 18.2 (Customer Services). Dashtoon shall endeavor to reply, shall within 72
(seventy two) hours delete or anonymize the data collected from you.

---

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Addendum
If You are a User in California, this Addendum applies to you. Except as otherwise
modified by this CCPA Addendum, all provisions of the above Privacy Policy shall
remain in full force and effect.

---

1.1 Access the categories and specific pieces of personal data Dashtoon has
collected, the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected, the
business purpose(s) for collecting the personal data, and the categories of third
parties with whom Dashtoon has shared personal data;

---

1.3 Opt out of the “sale of personal data. We do not sell your personal data in the
conventional sense. However, like many companies, we use advertising services
that try to tailor online ads to your interests based on information collected via
cookies and similar technologies about your online activity. This is called interest-
based advertising. The CCPA’s statutory definition of the term “sale” is broad and
may include interest-based advertising

---

1.5 Opt-out of processing for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or
profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant
effects concerning you;

---

1.5 Opt-out of processing for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or
profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant
effects concerning you;