The data we collect,
how it's used, and who
we share it with

---

We care about your privacy and want to
help you understand how we collect, use,
and share your personal information

---

How We Share and Disclose Personal Data

---

International Transfers

---

Links to Other Websites

---

How We May Disclose Your Personal Information

---

This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share
Personal Data, and your choices concerning our Personal Data practices. We employ a number of
technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Data we collect.
However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot
guarantee the security of your Personal Data. Please read this Privacy Policy before using our
Service or submitting any Personal Data to AllTrails and contact us if you have any questions.

---

• Payment Data: If you choose to purchase a subscription to our Service via credit card, debit
card or other payment method, our third-party payments processors (Stripe or PayPal) will
collect and process certain payment and billing information, such as billing zip code,
payment card details, and authentication features on behalf of AllTrails. That information is
collected by our payment processors directly, and we do not collect or store it. If you have
questions about how our payment processors protect such information, please read
Stripe's services agreement and privacy-policy as well as PayPal's services agreement and
privacy_policy..

---

• Social Media Data: We have pages ("Social Media Pages") on social media sites like
Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, X, and LinkedIn (each a “Social Media Site”). The platforms
that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics
regarding the use of our Social Media Pages. Additionally, should you choose to interact
with any of our Social Media Pages, we may collect Personal Data you provide or make
available through our Social Media Pages.

---

• Contacts Book Data: Our mobile applications may allow you to synchronize the numbers in
your Contacts address book on a regular basis in order to identify any friends and/or
relatives who use the Service. If any of your contacts are using the Service, we will let you
know so that you can connect with them. You can revoke our access to your Contacts
address book at any time through your mobile device settings.

---

• Sensitive Personal Data: In the course of using the Service on our App, you may choose to
allow us to collect sensitive Personal Data about you, such as your precise geolocation by
turning on location services on your mobile device, which may be considered “sensitive
personal information” (or similarly defined term) under certain applicable laws. Turning on
location services on your mobile device constitutes consent for us to collect precise
geolocation. You can disallow our collection of precise geolocation data by turning off
location services on your mobile device at any time. You may also choose to share other
sensitive Personal Data through the content you share on our Site, for example, when
leaving a review, or otherwise sharing information on our Site. By sharing this information,
you consent to the collection of this sensitive Personal Data. You may limit the visibility of
such sensitive Personal Data through our Privacy Settings; refer to our FAQs here for
further information. We do not process sensitive Personal Data for purposes other than
providing the Services.

---

• Personal Data We Receive From Third Parties. If you elect to authenticate to our Service using
your account on another service (such as a Facebook, Google, or Apple account), we may
receive from the other service information like your external account name as well as other
information you may choose to make available to us based on your external account settings,
such as contact lists and profile photos (if any). You can stop sharing the information from the
other service with us by removing our access to that other service. We may also obtain your
Personal Data from service providers or vendors as well as other business partners (such as
marketing partners and event co-sponsors).

---

Privacy Settings Default
When you sign up for an AllTrails account, personal data that you add to your profile and content
that you add to your account is Public by default. For more information, including how to change
your privacy settings, visit our Privacy FAQs here.

---

Service delivery - to operate
and deliver our Service to you.
• Account Data
•
Social Media Data
•
User Generated Content
• Contacts Book Data
•
•
•
Additional Information
Sensitive Personal Data
Data from Third-Party
Sources
• Contractual Necessity
• Legitimate Interests - we
have a legitimate interest
in ensuring the ongoing
security and proper
operation of our Service,
our business and
associated IT services,
systems and networks

---

Live Share Functionality - to
communicate your scheduled
activities or current safety
status with your shared group
as described on our Service.
•
•
•
Account Data
Geolocation Data
Additional Information
• Consent

---

Payments processing - to
process your payments via
our third-party payments
processor.
•
Account Data
• Payment Data
•
Contractual Necessity

---

Legal compliance - to comply
with our legal obligations, for
example our accounting and
tax reporting obligations.
• Any and all data types as
relevant in the
circumstances
• Compliance with Law
• Legitimate Interests -
where Compliance with
Law is not applicable, we
have a legitimate interest
in participating in,
supporting, and following
legal process and
requests, including
through cooperation with
authorities. We may also
have a legitimate interest
in ensuring the
protection, maintenance,
and enforcement of our
rights, property, and/or
safety

---

Interest-based Advertising -
to help our third-party
advertising partners collect
information about how you
use the Service and other
online services over time,
which they use to show you
ads on other online services
they believe will interest you
and measure how the ads
perform.
• Cookies Data
•
Device Data
• Usage and Activity Data
Geolocation Data
•
•
Consent

---

How We Share and Disclose Personal Data
In certain circumstances, we may share your Personal Data with third parties without further notice
to you, subject to our obligations under applicable law, as set forth below:
• Affiliates: Other companies in our corporate group may help us deliver our Service to you.
• Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to
perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with service providers,
including hosting, cloud services and other information technology services providers; email
communication software providers and email newsletter providers; data base and sales
services; customer relationship management, customer engagement, and customer feedback
services, and customer support (such as an Al-powered customer service automation platform
vendor); security services; marketing partners and analytics services. Pursuant to our
instructions, these parties will access, process or store Personal Data in the course of
performing their duties to us.
• Payment Processors: Individuals who purchase a subscription through our website provide
personal data to our payment processors as part of the checkout process.
• Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence,
reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of our
Service to another provider, your Personal Data may be shared in the diligence process with
counterparties and others assisting with the transaction and transferred to a successor or
affiliate as part of that transaction along with other assets.
• Legal Requirements: With law enforcement, government authorities, private parties and others,
if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply
with legal or regulatory obligations, including to respond to lawful requests from public or
government authorities, or other regulatory agencies and to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv)
act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service, or the public,
or (v) protect against legal liability, including seeking legal advice and for insurance purposes.
• Other Users. Your profile, User Generated Content and other Personal Data may be visible to
other users of the Service (which may include all users of the Service or a limited number of
users, depending on your privacy settings). For example, other users of the Service may have
access to your Personal Data if you chose to make your profile available to them through the
Service, and they may also have access to content that you submit to the Service such as when
you provide reviews, community posts, or share other content. This Personal Data can be seen,
collected and used by others, including being cached, copied, screen captured or stored
elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines), and we are not responsible for any such use of
Personal Data.
• Advertising partners. Third-party advertising companies for interested-based advertising.

---

In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed for business purposes the following categories of
Personal Data identified below to the categories of third parties identified in the “How We Share and
Disclose Personal Data" section:
•
Identifiers such as contact information, name, email, or IP address
• Commercial information such as transaction history
• Device, usage and internet or other electronic network activity information such as information
about your device type, browser settings or interactions with our sites
• Online identifiers such as Log Data, Cookies Data, and Usage and Activity Data
• Geolocation data
• Visual information to third parties designated by you
• Sensitive Personal Data, such as precise geolocation, as voluntarily disclosed by you
• Inferences about your preferences and interests from data we collect

---

As noted above, we may provide your Personal Data to third parties for “business purposes”, such as
with affiliates and marketing partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in
advertising our Service to you. The business and commercial purposes for collecting Personal Data
are described in the “How We Use Personal Data” section. We collect Personal Data directly from you
and from external accounts you use to log-in to the Service.

---

• Right to know the categories of Personal Data that AllTrails has collected about you, the
business purpose for collecting your Personal Data, the categories of sources from which the
Personal Data was collected, whether AllTrails has disclosed your Personal Data for business
purposes and the categories of Personal Data so disclosed, and the categories of third parties
to whom we have disclosed your Personal Data.

---

• Right to Opt-Out (such as from the sale or sharing of your Personal Data):
• Opt-out of certain processing for targeted advertising purposes. You may have the right to
opt-out of certain processing of Personal Data for targeted advertising purposes.
• Opt-out of profiling/automated decision making. You may have the right to opt-out of
automated processing or profiling performed on Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or
predict personal aspects related to a person's economic situation, health, personal
preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements. However, we do not
engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant
effects concerning individuals.
• Opt-out of other sales of Personal Data. You may have the right to opt-out of other "sales"
(which may include the disclosure of your Personal Data in relation to targeted advertising)
of your Personal Data.

---

If you have questions about your rights, these disclosures, would like to request access to an
alternative format of this notice, or appeal a refusal to fulfill your request made under these
provisions, you may reach us at privacy@alltrails.com. If you have shared Personal Data with us
through our Social Media Pages, you may contact the Social Media Site regarding the rights you may
have under their applicable privacy policies and terms.

---

Global Privacy Controls and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third-party vendors and service
providers, may use cookies, pixels, or other tracking technologies to collect Personal Data about
your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site and
use that Personal Data to send targeted advertisements. Our Site honors Global Privacy Control
("GPC") opt-out preference signals in a frictionless manner. If our website detects that your browser

---

is transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as the GPC signal, we will opt that browser out of
cookies on our website that result in a “sale” or “sharing" of your personal information. To download
and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal, click here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs. If you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on
for each supported browser or browser extension you use to visit our websites. Our Site currently
does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals. To find out more about DNT signals, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com.

---

• Exercising your right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data. While we do not sell
Personal Data for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver targeted ads to
you as described above. Applicable state privacy laws may classify our use of some of these
services as "selling” or “sharing” your Personal Data with the advertising partners that provide
the services. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
using GPC opt-out preference signals (as described above), by clicking the “Manage Cookies"
link at the bottom of our homepage, or by contacting privacy@alltrails.com.

---

• Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask
that we correct or complete it. If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them
about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we
will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.

---

• Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data, such as where you
withdraw your consent. If we shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure

---

where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with
whom we shared your Personal Data with so you can contact them directly.

---

• Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or 'block' the processing of your Personal
Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to
us processing it (please read below for information on your right to object). We will tell you
before we lift any restriction on processing. If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will
tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do
so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them
directly.

---

If you would like to exercise any or all of these rights, you may do so by clicking "Make a Privacy
Request" or contacting privacy@alltrails.com. If you have shared Personal Data with us through our
Social Media Pages, you may contact the Social Media Site regarding the rights you may have under
their applicable privacy policies and terms.

---

International Transfers
AllTrails is based in the United States. Some of our vendors and service providers may also be
located in the United States or another country. As such, any processing of your Personal Data may
involve an export of your Personal Data outside of your country of residence, including to countries
which may have data protection laws that are less stringent than the laws in effect in the country in
which you are located. Whenever we transfer your Personal Data out of your country of residence,
we endeavor to ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing appropriate
safeguards. If you would like to receive more information about these safeguards, please contact us
at privacy@alltrails.com.

---

Health Connections
Our Service may utilize connections to the Apple Health App (“HealthKit”), Google Fit, Garmin
Connect, and other third-party fitness, health, and tracking applications and services (together
with HealthKit, "Health Connections"). You can choose to connect and share information with
Health Connections.

---

Your Personal Data that you choose to send to Health Connections is not accessible by AllTrails. Our
Apps cannot write data to Health Connections unless you grant us permission. You can remove this
permission at any time inside the relevant Health Connection.

---

Since we do not obtain or read any data from Health Connections, such Health Connections data
cannot be used by us for marketing or advertising purposes, or shared with or sold to advertising
platforms, data brokers, or information resellers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Privacy Policy, the use of information received from Google's Health Connect will adhere to the
Health Connect Permissions Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.

---

AllTrails is in no way responsible for the protection of any of your Personal Data that you agree to
store with Health Connections, which is governed by the privacy policies and other terms of the
applicable Health Connection. You and the relevant Health Connection are solely responsible for the
protection of such Personal Data. Please review the relevant Health Connection's applicable policies
and procedures before granting permission to sync your Personal Data with the relevant Health
Collections.

---

Links to Other Websites
The Site and AllTrails Apps may contain advertisements for or links to other websites, products, or
services not operated or controlled by AllTrails, including Social Media Sites ("Third Party Sites").
The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies
and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing links to Third
Party Sites, we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed such sites. Please contact the Third
Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.

---

Additional Information
By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and acknowledged
our collection, storage, use, disclosure, and other processing of your Personal Data as described in
this Privacy Policy.