Parallel Space respects and protects the privacy of individuals interacting with all official websites and user communities related
to the Parallel Space series of products. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Privacy Policy") outlines our
practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information. The Privacy Policy applies to the entire series of Parallel
Space products, including but not limited to: Parallel Space, Parallel Space Lite, Parallel Space Pro, as well as the 32-bit
Support expansion and 64-bit Support expansion for the respective versions. We do not intentionally access your information or
disclose it to any third party without your prior consent, unless otherwise stipulated herein.

---

(1) Session and Available Data. "Session and Available Data" refers to the data and information relevant to
connections and services that you provide to us when you use third-party applications, services or websites
through our applications and services. Session and Available Data may include information related to connection
request, server communication, and data sharing (such as network testing, quality of service, date, time, and
place/location). Please note that Session and Available Data does not include any Personally Identifiable
Information, nor does it include any content (photo, contact, calendar, etc.) that you send or share through third-
party applications, services, or websites.

---

(4) Registration Information. You may use Parallel Space without providing any personal information, but if you
choose to purchase any VIP subscriptions or one-time purchase items, an association will be made with your
Google account to retain and transfer your access to the purchased content. All associated account information is
processed by the authenticator (such as Google Play) and is not stored or used by us.

---

3. Information Disclosure and Sharing

---

3.2 Information Sharing. Your information is shared with others in the following ways:
(1) Sharing among other users
We cannot and will not control the behaviors of other users that you share information with when you
use third-party applications, services or websites (including online forum) through our applications and
services, or how such users may use or share such information. We will not be responsible for any.
behavior or conduct of any third party circumventing our security measures.
(2) Sharing with our third-party partners. By using Parallel Space, you agree to the third party use, sharing, and transfer of
your Personally Identifiable Information (both inside and outside of your jurisdiction) as prescribed in this Privacy Policy.
Measurement partners.
We may share information about you in anonymous and/or aggregated form with third parties for
usage analytics (to help us better understand who is using our services and how), and for industry
analysis, research, and other similar purposes.
Partners offering services in Parallel Space
Your information may be accessed and used by our service providers who are working with us in
connection with the operation of our services. These service providers may have access to your
information but only to the extent necessary to perform services on our behalf and are obligated not
to disclose that information or use it for any other purposes. These providers will collect the
information sent by your mobile phone, tablet or desktop computer, and their use of that information
is governed by their applicable privacy policy.
Law enforcement
We may share information about you if we are (or if we believe we are) required by law or legal
process (such as a subpoena, warrant or court order), if we have to respond to a lawful request from
legal authorities to disclose such information, or if we need to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our
Terms of Service or our other policies.
New owner
If we are acquired by a third party or may re-organise our group structure, your information may be
transferred within our group and/or to a third party who will continue to operate Parallel Space or
similar services under either this Privacy Policy or a different privacy policy which will be notified to you.
The party to which your Personally Identifiable Information is transferred may be located, and use your
Information, outside of your jurisdiction.