Policy Change
Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without prior notice. You are advised
to review the policies periodically for any changes. If we decide to change our privacy
policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what
information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
---
By using the IOB Connect Mobile Banking app (the "App') and/ or by providing your
information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the
app in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to your consent for
sharing your information as per this privacy policy.
---
By downloading this app you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy given
by the application. We will not be able to on board you in case you are not in agreement
with the terms and condition. By mere use of IOB Mobile app you expressly consent to our
use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith
belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders,
or other legal processes. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement
offices upon such requests, third party rights owners or others in the good faith belief that
such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond
to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third
party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public.
---
We will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should
we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-
organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur
that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this
privacy policy with respect to your personal information.
--- [SECTION: PRIVACY PERMISSIONS REQUIRED AND THEIR PURPOSE] ---
• WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE - Application requires this permission since application
allowing to set the customer profile picture in the application. In this scenario, user can
select the picture from the device SD card and Social sharing, PDF download, Camera
access for external storage.
---
• READ_PHONE_STATE – to access sim serial number of user to provide an option to user
to send an SMS from available SMS providers.
---
• BLUETOOTH-To Diagnostic plugin dependency (IOS).