1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Welcome to the Garena Services run by Garena Online Private Limited and its affiliates and
related corporations (individually and collectively, "Garena", "we", "us" or "our"). Garena takes its
responsibilities under applicable privacy laws and regulations ("Privacy Laws") seriously and is
committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of our Garena games ("Games”),
website, and mobile applications (the "Site") (we refer to the Games, Site and the other services
referred to in our Terms of Service collectively as the "Services"). Users refers to a user who registers
for an account or who otherwise uses or accesses the Services (individually and collectively, "users",
"you" or "your"). We recognize the importance of the personal data you have entrusted to us and
believe that it is our responsibility to properly manage, protect and process your personal data. This
policy ("Privacy Policy") is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, disclose,
transfer and/or process the personal data you have provided to us and/or possess about you, whether
now or in the future, as well as to assist you in making an informed decision before providing us with
any of your personal data. Capitalised terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not otherwise defined
have the meanings given to them in the Garena Terms of Service.

---

1.3 By using the Services, registering for an account with us or visiting our Site, you acknowledge and
agree that you accept the practices, requirements, and/or policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and
you hereby consent to us collecting, using, disclosing and/or processing your personal data as
described herein. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES OR ACCESS
OUR GAMES OR SITE. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will notify you including by posting those
changes or the amended Privacy Policy on the Site. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy
at any time. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, your continued use of the Services
or Site, including making any purchases or orders, shall constitute your acknowledgment and
acceptance of the changes made to this Privacy Policy.

---

1.4 This Policy applies in conjunction with other notices, contractual clauses, consent clauses that
apply in relation to the collection, storage, use, disclosure and/or processing of your personal data by
us and is not intended to override those notices or clauses unless we state expressly otherwise.

---
[SECTION: 2. WHEN WILL GARENA COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?]
• when you link your Garena account with your Social Media Account (defined below) or other external
account or use other social media features, in accordance with the provider's policies;

---

• when you carry out transactions through our Games or Site (where applicable) or with our authorized
third-party payment service providers;

---
[SECTION: 3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WILL GARENA COLLECT?]
• marketing and communications data, such as your preferences in receiving marketing materials, your
communication preferences and history of communications with us and our service providers;

---

3.3 If you sign up to be a user of our Services using your Social Media Account, link your account to
your Social Media Account or use any Garena social media features, we may access information
about you which you have voluntarily provided to your Social Media Account provider in accordance
with such provider's policies, and we will manage and use such personal data in accordance with this
Privacy Policy at all times.

---
[SECTION: 4. COLLECTION OF OTHER DATA]
4.2 Our mobile applications may collect precise information about the location of your mobile device
using technologies such as GPS, Wi-Fi, etc. We collect, use, disclose and/or process this information
for one or more purposes including, without limitation, location-based services that you request or to
deliver relevant content to you based on your location or to allow you to share your location to other
Users as part of the services under our mobile applications. For most mobile devices, you are able to
withdraw your permission for us to acquire this information on your location through your device
settings. If you have questions about how to disable your mobile device's location services, please
contact your mobile device service provider or the device manufacturer.

---

4.3 As when you view pages or content on our Site or mobile application, most of the same information
is sent to us (including, without limitation, IP Address, information about your operating system, etc.);
but, instead of page views, your device sends us information on the content, advertisement viewed
and/or software installed and time.

---
[SECTION: 5. COOKIES]
5.1 We or our authorized service providers and advertising partners may from time to time implement
"cookies" or other features to allow us or third parties to collect or share information in connection with
your use of the Services. These features help us improve our Site, Games and the Services we offer,
help us offer new services and features, and/or enable us and our advertising partners serve more
relevant content to you, including through remarketing, subject to applicable law. "Cookies" are
identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that record data about your computer or
device, how and when the Services or websites are used or visited, by how many people and other
activity within our Site and Games. We may link cookie information to personal data. Cookies may also
link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase, pages you have viewed, or
games you have played. Depending on the relevant Services, this information may be used to keep
track of your shopping cart, to deliver content specific to your interests, to enable us or our third party
advertising partners to serve advertisements through the Services or on sites across the internet, and
to monitor usage of the Services.

---
[SECTION: 6. HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US?]
6.1 We may collect, use, disclose and/or process your personal data for one or more of the following
purposes:
(a) to consider and/or process your application/transaction with us or your transactions or
communications with third parties via the Services;

---

(i) to contact you or communicate with you via voice call, text message and/or fax message, email
and/or postal mail or otherwise for the purposes of administering and/or managing your relationship
with us or your use of our Services, such as but not limited to communicating administrative
information to you relating to our Services. You acknowledge and agree that such communication by
us could be by way of the mailing of correspondence, documents or notices to you, which could
involve disclosure of certain personal data about you to bring about delivery of the same as well as on
the external cover of envelopes/mail packages;

---

(j) to allow other users to interact, communicate, or connect with you, including to inform you when
another user has sent you a private message or posted a comment for you via the Games or Site;

---

(I) to allow for advertising and other audits and surveys (via offline and online surveys, including on
third parties platforms (e.g. Google Forms), among other things, validate the size and composition of
our target audience, and understand their experience with Garena's Services;

---

(m) for marketing and advertising for any marketing activities where permissible under applicable law,
and in this regard, to recommend products and/or services relevant to your interests, to send you by
various mediums and modes (including email or SMS) of communication marketing and promotional
information and materials relating to products and/or services (including, without limitation, products
and/or services of third parties whom Garena may collaborate or tie up with) that Garena (and/or its
affiliates or related corporations) may be selling, marketing or promoting, whether such products or
services exist now or are created in the future. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing
information at any time by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material. We
may use your contact information to send newsletters or marketing materials from us and from our
related companies;

---

(n) to respond to legal processes or to comply with or as required by any applicable law, governmental
or regulatory requirements of any relevant jurisdiction, including, without limitation, meeting the
requirements to make disclosure under the requirements of any law binding on Garena or on its
related corporations or affiliates;

---

(s) to store, host, back up (whether for disaster recovery or otherwise) of your personal data, whether
within or outside of your jurisdiction;

---

(t) to deal with and/or facilitate a business asset transaction or a potential business asset transaction,
where such transaction involves Garena as a participant or involves only a related corporation or
affiliate of Garena as a participant or involves Garena and/or any one or more of Garena's related
corporations or affiliates as participant(s), and there may be other third party organisations who are
participants in such transaction. A "business asset transaction" refers to the purchase, sale, lease,
merger, amalgamation or any other acquisition, disposal, transfer of or financing of an organisation or
a portion of an organisation or of a portion of or all of any of the business, business activities, or assets
of an organisation; and/or

---

6.2 You acknowledge, consent and agree that Garena may access, preserve and disclose your
Account information and Content if required to do so by law or pursuant to an order of a court or by
any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over Garena or in a good faith belief that
such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b)
comply with a request from any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over Garena,
(c) enforce the Garena Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy; (d) respond to any threatened or actual
claims asserted against Garena or other claim that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (e)
respond to your requests for customer service; or (f) protect the rights, property or personal safety of
Garena, its users and/or the public.

---

6.3 As the purposes for which we will/may collect, use, disclose or process your personal data depend
on the circumstances at hand, such purpose may not appear above. However, we will notify you of
such other purpose at the time of obtaining your consent, unless processing of the applicable data
without your consent is permitted by the Privacy Laws.

---
[SECTION: 7. HOW DOES GARENA PROTECT AND RETAIN CUSTOMER INFORMATION?]
7.2 We will retain personal data in accordance with the Privacy Laws and/or other applicable laws.
That is, we will destroy or anonymize your personal data when we have reasonably determined that (i)
the purpose for which that personal data was collected is no longer being served by the retention of
such personal data; (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any legal or business purposes; and (iii) no
other legitimate interest warrant further retention of such personal data. If you cease using our
Services, or your permission to use the Site, Games and/or the Services is terminated or withdrawn,
we may continue storing, using and/or disclosing your personal data in accordance with this Privacy
Policy and our obligations under the Privacy Laws. Subject to applicable law, we may securely dispose
of your personal data without prior notice to you.

---
[SECTION: 8. DOES GARENA DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS FROM ITS VISITORS TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?]
8.1 In conducting our business, we will/may need to disclose your personal data to our third party
service providers, agents and/or our affiliates or related corporations, and/or other third parties,
whether sited in Singapore or outside of Singapore, for one or more of the above-stated Purposes.
Such third party service providers, agents and/or affiliates or related corporations and/or other third
parties would be processing your personal data either on our behalf or otherwise, for one or more of
the above-stated Purposes. Such third parties include, without limitation:
• our subsidiaries, affiliates and related corporations;
• other users of our Services in connection with your use of the Services and for one or more of the
above-stated Purposes;
• contractors, agents, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business. These
include but are not limited to those which provide administrative or other services to us such as mailing
houses, our game development partners, payment or financial services providers, advertising and
marketing partners, telecommunication companies, game development partners, information
technology companies, and data centres;
• governmental or regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over Garena or as otherwise permitted
under Section 6.2;
a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganisation,
dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Garena's assets, whether as a going concern or
as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, or transition of any of our Services, in which
personal data held by Garena about our users is among the assets transferred; or to a counterparty in
a business asset transaction that Garena or any of its affiliates or related corporations is involved in,
including any entity which succeeds or to which we transfer the operation of any of our Services; and
• third parties to whom disclosure by us is for one or more of the Purposes and such third parties
would in turn be collecting and processing your personal data for one or more of the Purposes.

---

8.2 We may, among other things, disclose your gaming history and/or disclosing records showing
which games were viewed or accessed by which IP addresses. We may also share statistical and
demographic information about our users and their use of the Services with advertising partners and
third party suppliers of advertisements, remarketing, and other programming subject to applicable law.

---

8.3 Additionally, you may elect to export your user activity feeds as RSS feeds which may be
subscribed to by other users, which may include information regarding your game play, installation of
games, connections with other users and other information about your account activity which is
published as a feed on the Site or Games.

---

8.4 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Privacy Laws or other applicable laws permit an
organisation such as us to collect, use or disclose your personal data without your consent, such
permission granted by the laws shall continue to apply.

---

8.5 Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access personal data transmitted to or contained on the
site, technologies may malfunction or not work as anticipated, or someone might access, abuse or
misuse information through no fault of ours. We will nevertheless deploy reasonable security
arrangements to protect your personal data as required by the Privacy Laws; however there can
inevitably be no guarantee of absolute security such as but not limited to when unauthorised
disclosure arises from malicious and sophisticated hacking by malcontents through no fault of ours.

---
[SECTION: 10. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES]
10.1 Our Site and Games use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your device, to help the
website analyse how users use our Services. The information generated by the cookie about your use
of the Services or device (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on
servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of
our Services, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services
relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties
where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's
behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

---

10.2 We, and third parties, may from time to time make software applications downloads available for
your use on or through the Services. These applications may separately access, and allow a third
party to view, your identifiable information, such as your name, your User ID, your device's IP Address
or other information such as what game you are playing during any given session, and any cookies
that you may previously have installed or that were installed for you by a third party software
application or website. Additionally, these applications may ask you to provide additional information
directly to third parties. Third party products or services provided through these applications are not
owned or controlled by Garena. You are encouraged to read the terms and other policies published by
such third parties on their websites or otherwise.

---
[SECTION: 11. DISCLAIMER REGARDING SECURITY AND THIRD PARTY SITES]
11.1 WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA AND/OR OTHER
INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE ON THIRD PARTY SITES. We do implement a variety of
security measures to maintain the safety of your personal data that is in our possession or under our
control. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited
number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the
personal data confidential. When you place orders or access your personal data, we offer the use of a
secure server. All personal data or sensitive information you supply is encrypted into our databases to
be only accessed as stated above.

---

11.2 In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may choose various third party websites to
link to, and frame within, the Site or Games. We may also participate in co-branding and other
relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our visitors. These linked sites
have separate and independent privacy policies as well as security arrangements. Even if the third
party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate
privacy and data collection practices independent of us. Data collected by our co-brand partners or
third party web sites (even if offered on or through our Site or Games) may not be received by us.

---
[SECTION: 12. WILL GARENA TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION OVERSEAS?]
12.1 Your personal data and/or information may be transferred to, stored or processed outside of your
country. Garena will only transfer your information overseas in accordance with Privacy Laws and this
Policy. By accepting this Policy, you agree to the cross-border transfer of your information to any
country where our affiliates, developers, servers and/or databases are located. In most cases, your
personal data will be processed in Singapore, where our central database and servers are operated.
Because different jurisdictions may have different data protection requirements, we take steps to
implement adequate safeguards to protect your data.

---

12.2 If you are a user in India, your personal data will be processed and stored in our servers in India
or Singapore. Garena will only transfer your information overseas in accordance with Privacy Laws,
and you hereby consent to such transfer and processing.

---

12.3 More information about the transfer out of the EU, of personal data and/or information relating to
users who are located in the EU, can be found in the section titled "Additional Provisions for EU Users
Only".

---
[SECTION: 13. HOW CAN YOU WITHDRAW CONSENT, REQUEST ACCESS TO OR CORRECT INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US?]
13.1.1 You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure and/or request deletion
of your personal data in our possession or under our control by sending an email to our Data
Protection Officer at dpo.sg@garena.com. We will process such requests in accordance with this
Privacy Policy and our obligations under applicable Privacy Laws and other applicable law.

---

13.2.1 If you have an account with us, you may personally access and/or correct your personal data
currently in our possession or control through the Account Settings page or tab on the Site or Games.
If you do not have an account with us, you may request to access and/or correct your personal data
currently in our possession or control by submitting a written request to us. We will need enough
information from you in order to ascertain your identity as well as the nature of your request so as to
be able to deal with your request. Please submit your written request by sending an email to our Data
Protection Officer. In addition, where required by law, we will take steps to inform any third parties who
have received or used your Personal Data of such correction.

---
[SECTION: 14. OTHER USER RIGHTS]
14.1.2 Portability
You have the right to obtain from us the Personal Data that you have previously provided to us, and
which we process on the basis of your consent in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
format and a right to request that we transfer such Personal Data to another party. If you wish for us to
transfer the Personal Data to another party, please ensure you detail that party and note that we can
only do so where it is technically feasible. We are not responsible for the security of the Personal Data
or its processing once received by the third party. We also may not provide you with certain Personal
Data if providing it would interfere with another's rights (e.g. where providing the Personal Data we
hold about you would reveal information about another person).

---

14.1.7 Transfer of Personal Data outside the EU
Your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the EU. We take appropriate steps to ensure that
recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures
such as appropriate contractual clauses to ensure that the recipients of such transfer protect and treat
your Personal Data in accordance with all applicable personal data protection laws.

---

14.2.2 The personal information that Garena collects, uses and/or discloses and has collected, used,
and/or disclosed from users as set forth above in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this
Policy, may include personal information as defined under the CCPA, depending on how you have
accessed the Site and interacted with us.

---

14.2.3 In accordance with the CCPA or other applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request
confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of
your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of your personal information or ask us to
send that information to another company; (iv) restrict our uses of your personal information, including
the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, depending on
applicable law; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly
processed personal information; and (vi) request erasure of personal information held about you by
Garena, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.