We do not share your information with any third parties, except where we
need to in order to provide the service (e.g., use SMS service providers for
account validation; for mapping services; for other point-of-interest
services; using our affiliates around the world to help us to deliver Poppo)
or if we are instructed to by a court, authority or compelled by law. We use
these third party services solely to process or store your information for
the purposes described in this policy. Any third party (selected by us) with
whom we share user data is required to provide the same or equal
protection of user data as stated in this policy.
---
Using our services (including Poppo mobile application, website v.show or
any third party platform providing Poppo ) (hereinafter referred to as
"Poppo") involves processing your information.
---
We deal with different kinds of information and data when we provide
Poppo .These categories are as follows:
1. "Location data" Is information derived from your GPS, Wi-Fi, compass,
accelerometer, IP address, or public post that contains location
information.Location information will be disclosed to us or other users, or
both, when:
• When you use location-based features, such as "people nearby", and
when you share your location with other Poppo users;
---
4. "Share information" It refers to the information about or related to you
that you voluntarily share on Poppo .Shared information may include your
PoppoContent published on (including personal data disclosure, lists you
create, and photos, videos, or recordings accessed through your device's
camera and / or microphone sensors with your prior consent), any content
you republish that has been published by others, and location data and log
---
• Reason:Open and login user account on Poppo; Inform you of changes
to Poppo; Promote communication; Provide user support for you;
Implement our terms, conditions and policies; Use Poppo to make VoIP
calls; Provide personalized help and guidance; provide personalized help
and guidance; Better understand how you access and use Poppo;
Develop new services and improve existing services; Provide language
and location customization; Protect any rights, property or security of us,
our associates or other Poppo users; Manage Poppo and for internal
operational purposes, including problem solving, data analysis, testing,
research, security, fraud detection, account management and
investigation purposes.
---
5. Shared information - profile media. This kind of information includes all
the information you provide to other users through Poppo, including: Poppo
circle of friends and video dynamic posts, and responses to other users'
Poppo circle of friends and video dynamic posts; Another user uses the
information about you provided by Poppo, for example, any shared
information about you provided by other people through Poppo circle of
friends, video updates, and using Poppo to communicate with you and
others. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed
with you to provide your Poppo personal data and provide Poppo services.
---
7. Chat data. What you communicate with another user or group of
users.This data is stored on your device and on the device of the user to
whom you send communications.We don't store this information
permanently on our servers, we just transmit it through our servers to
provide Poppo chat service.
• Reason:Facilitate the provision of communication to another user.
---
10. Location information. See definition above. Legal basis (EEA) It is
necessary for us to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Poppo
location related services.Please note that if you use products and services
that require location information.
• Reason:For security, fraud detection, and account management
purposes (for example, to ensure that your account does not have
multiple or suspicious logins); Provide you with the location-based
services you choose to use: Share location (when you choose to share
your location with other users during the chat process); Nearby people,
floating bottles (these are location-based services, you can choose to
use these services to disclose your approximate location within a limited
period of time, and you can choose to clear these location data at any
time); Search (if you use Poppo to search, the service will use your
location to provide you with relevant local information); Provides
languages and custom locations.
---
13. Social contact information. Your twitter, line, or Facebook connect token,
if applicable. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we
signed with you to provide Poppo services.
• Reason:If you choose to associate a third-party social media account
with your Poppo account, we will process this information to facilitate
logging in to Poppo through your social media account. If you publish
content in your circle of friends or video dynamics and you choose to
share it with an authenticated third-party social media account, Poppo
will help.
---
14. Investigation. If you decide to participate in the survey, we will ask you
for some personal information.We may engage a service provider to
conduct these surveys and will let you know before you complete the
survey. Legal basis (EEA) We will collect this information after obtaining
your consent.
---
account security analysis Conduct user demographic analysis (e.g.,
region, mobile phone model, operating system platform, system
language and Poppo version) for multiple projects to better understand
how our users use Poppo The network and account traffic statistics of
the content and service used by users to access third-party services
through Poppo open platform are carried out, so as to report the basic
analysis of how Poppo users use their services to the third-party service
providers.
---
17. Personal information in your content
• If any of your personal information constitutes your content (see the
《Poppo terms of service》), we and our associated companies may
(subject to this Privacy Policy) use this type of personal information in
the "your content" section of the 《Poppo terms of service》.
---
2.4 Who do we share your information with?
We will not transfer your personal information to any other third party
unless otherwise specified below or you agree to do so.
Only if necessary, we will share your information with selected recipients
with a legal basis and effective jurisdiction to request such data. The
categories of these recipients include:
• Government, public sector, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement
agencies or agencies:In some cases, we are required by law to disclose
information (including performing legal obligations or procedures, such as
court orders, subpoenas or other legal writs, or enforcing our terms, dealing
with matters related to security or fraud, or protecting our users), but only
the requester with effective jurisdiction can obtain your personal
information;
• Related companies: we will share your personal information in our
company for the following purposes. The company runs Poppo of Singapore
server VSHOW PTE.LTD.:
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
accordance with the Poppo terms of service or this privacy policy;
• If we or our affiliated companies carry out internal restructuring, or we
sell Poppo or any of its assets to a third party, the subject of subsequent
operation of Poppo may no longer be us. In this case, we will transfer your
information accordingly so that you can continue to use the service;
• Service providers: service providers that assist us to provide, improve or
promote other products or functions through our services. Service
providers include communication service providers who send short
messages on our behalf, VoIP providers that are used to access traditional
telephone service card processing and verification, and translation service
providers.We will also hire service providers in your region to help speed up
the delivery of content to you with the help of acceleration points and
content delivery networks; and provide location and map data.Any third-
party service provider (selected by us) with whom we share user
information must provide the same or the same level of user information
protection standards as described in this policy; and it is prohibited to
retain, use or disclose your information (unless it is necessary to provide
services to us);
• A third party that acquires us or all or most of our business.When we sell
or acquire any business, enter into a merger, form a partnership, or sell part
or all of our assets, we may disclose your information to potential buyers of
the business.In such cases, we will always require potential buyers to
comply with this privacy policy.
---
1. Sharing information
Poppo enables you to publicly share certain information with your Poppo
contacts and other Poppo users. You can always unselect "allow me to find
me through Twitter, line or facebook" in your account settings to hide your
personal data, so as to avoid public viewing and searching. This means that
other Poppo users will not be able to find you.We refer to these types of
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
delete the shared information, other users or third parties that are not
affiliated with us and are not under our control may cache, copy, store, or
keep it public separately.
If you have requested us to erase our published personal information for
you and there are reasons for erasing it, we will take reasonable steps to
try to tell other people who currently display your personal information or
provide links to it to erase it as well.
---
3. Sensitive personal information
In some jurisdictions, certain types of personal information (for example,
about your race or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical views, or
personal health information) can be classified as "sensitive information" or
more strictly controlled than other types of personal information.Please
note that the content and information you enter into Poppo (such as photos
or information about your school or social activities) may reveal your
sensitive personal information to others.
---
2.7 How to share your data outside of Poppo
Some Poppo related features allow you to provide shared information to
audiences outside the Poppo Network - for example, publicly accessible
blogs and forums, or certain social media features in Poppo allow you to
republish and disclose shared information.If you use these features to
share information, it may be read or used by third parties not related to us.
You can also associate your Poppo contact list with the contact list on your
device and / or in the third-party service account to search for and
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
2.8 Using Poppo to access and import information
Poppo allows you to associate Poppo services with selected third-party
social media services and import certain content and information from
these third-party services.For example:
• You can share content on Poppo or log in to Poppo using services
provided by a third party. These third-party services validate you and give
you the option to share certain personal information with us. They may also
offer you the option to publish information to Poppo from your third-party
service account as a shared information.
• You can sign in to Poppo using other registration services, such as
providers.These registration services verify your identity and provide you
with the option to share certain personal information, such as your name
and email address, with us for account registration and login purposes; and
• Poppo may provide you with links or features (via banner ads, pop-up
windows, or other means in Poppo) to access third-party services or
websites (or Poppo content hosted in those third-party services or
websites). For example, you can access videos hosted by a third party
without leaving the Poppo application.
• Third party social media platforms are hosted by relevant third
parties. The Poppo service is hosted by us.Third parties providing third-party
services may collect your information (including your personal information
and log data) and set cookies on your computer or device to make these
functions work properly.
• Your use of any third party services (social media services or other
services), including any personal information provided by you to such third
parties, as well as their collection and use of your personal information, are
subject to the relevant third party's own terms of service and privacy
policies, not the Poppo terms of service》 Or this privacy policy, so please
check these third party terms carefully.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
or functions. We are not responsible for any information provided to you by
any third party.
---
4. Personal information and profile media (accessible to all users)
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
5. Personal information (all users can view)
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
6. Other account security
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however,
data cached in third party services may still be available).
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
11. Trends and collections -- data and media
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
12. Personal facial information
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
---
1. Access and correction
Poppo will provide you with information on your request to tell you whether
we hold any of your personal information. You also have the right to access
our personal information about you and to know how we use them and with
whom we share them.In addition, you have the right to correct the
information.
---
For a correction request, if we agree that the relevant personal information
is inaccurate or incomplete, we will try to tell any third party to whom we
have disclosed such relevant personal information so that they can also
correct the personal information.
---
If you have requested us to erase our published personal information for
you and there is a reason to erase it, we will take reasonable steps to try to
tell other people who currently display your personal information or provide
links to it to also erase it.
---
If we agree to stop processing personal information, we will try to tell any
third party to whom we have disclosed such relevant personal information
so that they can also stop processing the personal information.
---
4. Portability
You are entitled to receive copies of certain personal information we
collect from you. Process your personal information (including any personal
information you choose to post, including personal data) according to our
personal data collection (including any personal information you choose to
publish, including personal data) according to our privacy policy. You have
the right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and
machine recognizable format. You also have the right to ask us to transmit
these personal information to the other party.
If you want us to transfer personal information to a third party, please make
sure to specify the recipient in detail.Please note that we will only do so if it
is technically feasible. When a third party receives personal information, we
are no longer responsible for its security or handling.We may also not
provide certain personal information to you if it interferes with the rights of
another party (for example, providing personal information we hold about