2. User Consent. By using our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy
Policy and our Terms of Use, and you expressly consent to the collection, use, and
disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use our Services.

---

3. A Note to Users Outside of the United States. If you are using our Services
from outside of the United States, by using the Services and providing us with data,
you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the
purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition, your Personal Data may be
processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including
the United States, where laws regarding the processing of Personal Data may be
different than the laws in your country. By providing your Personal Data, you
consent to such transfer.

---

4.3. Information You Provide to Facebook and other Social Networking Sites
(SNS). The Services may allow users to access Facebook (or another SNS) to
interact with friends. If you are already logged into the Services and Facebook (or
another SNS), when you click on "Connect with Facebook," or a similar function for
another SNS, you will be prompted to merge your profiles. If you are already logged
into the Services but not logged into Facebook or another SNS that we support,
when you click on "Connect with Facebook," or a similar function for another SNS,
you will be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to "Sign Up" for the SNS. By
proceeding, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are
agreeing to Facebook's or other SNS's Terms of Use in your use of the Services.
Conversely, if you are not currently registered as a user of the Services, and you
click on "Sign in" using Facebook or another SNS that we support, you will first be
asked to enter your Facebook or SNS credentials and then be given the option to
register for the Services. In this case, we may receive information from Facebook or
another SNS to make it easier for you to create an Account with us and show our
relevant content to your Facebook or SNS friends. Once you register with us and
connect with Facebook or another SNS, you will be able to automatically post
recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS. Any information that we collect
from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you
have established with that SNS, so please consult the SNS's privacy and data
practices. You have the option to disable your connection with Facebook or another
SNS at any time by logging into your account with us and modifying your settings
accordingly.

---

4.4. Information Collected Automatically. When you use the Services, open or
click on emails we send you, or interact with our advertisements, we or third parties
we work with may automatically collect certain information using technologies such
as cookies and other tracking technologies described below.

---

Information Collected by Our Servers. To make our Services more useful to you, our servers
(which may be operated by a third party, including Amazon Web Services) collect information
from you, including information about the device you use to access our Services, the date and
time you access our services, etc.

---

Analytics. We may work with third-party vendors who use the technologies described in this
section to conduct website analytics to help us track and understand how visitors use our
Services.

---

5.2. Creation of Deidentified Data. We may create De-identified Data records from
Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data
personally identifiable to you. We use this Deidentified Data to analyze request and
usage patterns so that we may enhance the content and navigation of our Services.
We reserve the right to use Deidentified Data for any other purpose and disclose
Deidentified Data to third parties in our sole discretion. We maintain and use
Deidentified Data in accordance with applicable laws and commit not to reidentify
such data except as permitted by law.

---

6. Disclosure of Your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data as described
below. We share your Personal Data with your consent or to complete any
transaction or provide any product or service you have requested or authorized. We
also share Personal Data with our Affiliates; with vendors working on our behalf;
when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to
maintain the security of our products and services; and to protect the rights and
property of the Company and its customers.

---

6.1. Third Parties Designated by You. When you use the Services, the Personal
Data you provide will be shared with the third parties that you designate to receive
such information, including other websites, your friends, relatives, and business
associates. Depending on the type of access you grant to such third parties, they
may also be permitted to edit the information you have provided to us and to
designate others to access and edit such information. You may change your
settings at any time as to who has access to your information by going to your
account settings and changing your publishing options.

---

6.2. Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your Personal Data with third-
party service providers to: provide you with the products or services that we offer
you or that you order through our Services; to conduct quality assurance testing; to
facilitate the creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide
other services for us. We require these third-party service providers to not use,
retain or share your Personal Data other than to provide services for us.

---

6.3. Payment Processors. If you make a payment through the Website, your
payment card details are provided to our payment processing service provider,
Adyen. You may read Adyen's privacy policy at https://www.adyen.com/policies-
and-disclaimer/privacy-policy to learn more about how they use and protect your
information. We do not receive your full credit card or other payment information.

---

6.4. Theatre Partners, Agents, Contractors. We may disclose your Personal Data
to any of our theatre partners (“Partners"), or to our agents or contractors who
assist us in providing our services and products, processing transactions, fulfilling
requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating
marketing lists, analyzing data, providing support services or in other tasks, from
time to time. Our partners, agents, and contractors will only use your information to
the extent necessary to perform their functions. In addition, if you purchase tickets
or engage with services through a website we operate on behalf of a Partner, we
may share your Personal Data with that Partner for their own marketing purposes,
subject to their privacy policy. You may opt out of receiving marketing
communications from our Partners by following the opt-out instructions in those
communications.

---

6.5. Affiliates. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent
company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control
with us ("Affiliates"), in which case our Affiliates will honor this Privacy Policy.

---

6.6. Business and Advertising Partners. We may share your Personal Data with
third parties who partner with us to promote products and services, provide
marketing and advertisements, or use the data for other commercial purposes. We
do not control how these third parties use and share your Personal Data once they
receive it. You will need to contact such third parties directly for information about
their privacy practices or to exercise any rights you may have (including if you
would like to opt-out of marketing messages).

---

6.7. Corporate Restructuring. We may share some or all of your Personal Data in
connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, or
dissolution transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture, or
disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of insolvency,
bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business
asset. If another company acquires us, our business, or some or all of our assets,
that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the
rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy
Policy.

---

6.8. Social Networking Sites. Some of our Services may enable you to post
content to SNSs. If you choose to post content to an SNS, we will provide
information to the applicable SNS in accordance with your elections. You
acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of any SNSs
and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of
such SNSs. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of
such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or
(iii) your use of any such SNSs.

---

6.9. Other Disclosures. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your
Personal Data (as described below), we may disclose Personal Data if we believe in
good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal
investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant laws or legal obligations, or to respond to
subpoenas or warrants served on us; (iii) to protect or defend our rights or property
or users of the Services; and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any
violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.

---

7. Third-Party Services. Our Services may contain links to services provided by
third-party companies ("Third-Party Companies"). When you click on a link to any
other website or location, you will leave our Service and go to another service, and
another entity may collect Personal Data or Deidentified Data from you. We have no
control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these Third-Party
Companies or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy
do not apply to any Third-Party Companies or content, or to any collection of your
Personal Data after you click on links to such Third-Party Companies. We
encourage you to read the privacy policies of every service you use. The links to
Third-Party Companies are for your convenience and do not signify our
endorsement of such Third-Party Companies or their content, products, or
services.

---

Wide Web Consortium ("W3C") in their latest releases. As this standard has not
been finalized, our Services are not compatible with DNT. We do not recognize DNT
instructions or any other automated browser signals regarding tracking
mechanisms. For information on all of these categories of cookies, and for more
information generally on cookies please refer to aboutcookies.org. However, if you
are a resident of California, Colorado, or Connecticut, Texas, Montana, or New
Hampshire, we treat opt-out preference signals as a means of opting out of the sale
or sharing of Personal Data, or of opting out of the processing of Personal Data for
targeted advertising, as applicable. Please see the sections titled Notice to
California Residents and Notice to Residents of Other U.S. States below for more
information.

---

8.6 Interest-Based Advertising. You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from
certain data and advertising partners that participate in certain industry self-
regulatory programs. The DAA provides a website at www.aboutads.info/consumers
with information about how to opt out of target advertising from some or all of the
DAA's participating companies. Additionally, the Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI") offers a website at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ where you can opt
out of interest-based advertising from some or all of the NAl's members. Please
note that by opting out, you will continue to see generic advertising that is not
tailored to your specific interests and activities. In the event that we perform cross-
device matching (as described below), once you have opted out on one device
("Opted-Out Device"), we will not use any new data from the Opted-Out Device to
identify you on another device for interest-based advertising purposes, and we will
not use data from another device for interest-based advertising purposes on the
Opted-Out Device.

---

9.1. Targeted Advertising / Behavioral Advertising. We may ourselves, or with
third-party vendors, use your information to deliver targeted advertising to you
when you visit the Services or other websites. Cookies, clickstream data, and other
similar technologies described below may be used in this process. For example, if
you are searching for information on a particular product, we or our vendor may
cause an advertisement to appear on other websites you view with information on
that product. This form of advertising, sometimes called “targeted advertising,”
"behavioral advertising,” or “cross-context behavioral advertising,” enables us and
our vendors to know about your interests in connection with the delivery of a
specific ad. We believe that such advertising is helpful because it allows you to see
advertisements that are relevant to your interests. If you would like to opt out of
these interest-based advertisements, please follow the opt-out process described
in the section titled Your Choices above.

---

9.2 Cross-Device Matching. We may use your information to help us, or our third-
party vendors, determine if you have interacted with the Services across multiple
devices and to match such devices. To accomplish this, we may rely on information
(including demographic, geographic and interest-based data) from third parties
such as data vendors, pursuant to their own privacy policies, or we may use
information we collect in conjunction with such third-party data. Based on this data,
we may then display targeted advertisements across devices that we believe are
associated with each other, and may further provide services to our advertisers to
better enable cross-device targeting and analysis. To opt-out of or restrict our use
of certain cross-device data, please see the section titled Your Choices above.

---

How We Disclose Your Personal Data
You have the right to know if your Personal Data was disclosed for a business
purpose. In the past 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of Personal Data
listed above to Third Party Services Providers, Theatre Partners, Agents, and
Contractors, performing services specified by written contract.

---

How We Sell or Share Your Personal Data
We may "sell" or "share" all of the categories of Personal Data listed above with third
parties for personalized advertising purposes.

---

10.2. Access Request; Information About Data Collected and Shared; Correct
Personal Data. You have a right to request that we disclose certain information to
you about our collection and use of your Personal Data. You can make an access
request by clicking here or emailing your request to:
dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com. We will provide you the following information
within 45 days of our receipt of a verifiable consumer request from you:
The categories of Personal Data we collect about you.
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collection of your Personal Data.
The business or commercial purpose for the sharing of your Personal Data.
The categories of persons with whom we share your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you.

---

10.4. Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Data. You have the right to opt out of
the sale or sharing of your Personal Data, as well as the right to opt in to the sale or
sharing of such information. To our knowledge, we do not sell or share the personal
information of minors under 18 years of age. You (or your authorized representative)
can opt out of our sale or sharing of Personal Data to Third-Party Companies by
visiting the following Internet Web page: Your Privacy Choices or emailing your
request to dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.
You may change your mind and opt back in to Personal Data sales at any time by
emailing dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.

---

10.8. Opt-Out Preference Signals. In addition to the advertising opt-out options
above, we capture opt out preference signals (also known as Global Privacy
Controls), and to the extent users have rights under applicable law, treat them as
valid requests to opt out of sale/sharing or to limit the use/disclosure of SPI at the
browser level. An opt-out preference signal is a setting or extension in a browser or
device that a web user sets to prevent the selling or sharing of personal information
or use/disclosure of SPI on sites the browser or device visits. We will process your
signal as a request to exercise your CCPA rights to opt out or limit the use with
respect to relevant information associated with your device, browser, and/or
consumer profile.

---

10.10. "Shine the Light." In addition to the above rights, under California Civil Code
Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light"), California residents may have the right to
request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business
relationship: (a) a list of the categories of personal information, as defined under
Shine the Light, such as name, email address, and mailing address, and the type of
services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties
(including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately
preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes; and (b) the
names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information,
please contact us by email at dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com. If you do not want
your personal information shared with any third party who may use such
information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt out of such
disclosures by emailing us at dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.

---

11. Notice to Nevada Residents. If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right
to opt out of the sale of certain Personal Data that we have collected (or may
collect) from you to data brokers or other third parties. You can exercise this right
by visiting Your Privacy Choices or emailing us at dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request.”

---

The categories of Personal Data we process, our purposes for processing your
Personal Data, the categories of Personal Data that we share with third parties, and
the categories of third parties with whom we share it are set forth in the terms of
the Privacy Policy above.

---

Right to Know. You have the right to know whether we process your Personal Data and to
access such Personal Data. Delaware residents have the right to obtain a list of the categories
of third parties to which we have disclosed personal information, and Oregon residents may
obtain a list of the specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal information. You
can make a right to know request by clicking here or emailing your request to
dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.

---

Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your Personal Data for
purposes of: (i) targeted advertising; (ii) the sale of Personal Data; or (iii) profiling in furtherance
of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As of the latest
date of the Privacy Policy, we process Personal Data for the purposes of targeted advertising,
but we do not sell your Personal Data in exchange for monetary or other valuable
consideration, and we do not engage in profiling decisions based on your personal data that
produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. If you wish to opt out of the
processing of your Personal Data for any of the above purposes, click here. We will also treat
opt-out preference signals as valid opt-out requests.

---

13. Security of Your Personal Data.
For online payments, we use the payment services of Adyen. We do not process, record or
maintain your credit card or bank account information.
We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of
industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data
from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to
access your account. Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure,
however. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, we cannot
and do not guarantee its absolute security.

---

non-Personal Data. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your
data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.