This document contains:
1.Changes to this Policy
2. External Sites
3.Collection of information
4.Use of Information
5.Information Sharing
6. security
7. Your requests
8. Conditions for your requests

---

2- External Sites
Balad may contain links to other sites and/or mobile applications
which are owned and operated by third parties.Clicking on them may
lead to collecting information . Balad is not responsible If you choose
to click on a link to one of these third-party sites or apps, you should
review the privacy policy posted on the other site or app to understand
how they collect and use your information.

---

4- Use of Information
4-1- We may use your information to perform our obligations under
any contract with you (for example, to comply with the terms of use).
Some other services are as follows:
4-1-1- To measure our performance and for auditing and
troubleshooting purposes.
4-1-2- To keep our website and Application efficient, safe and
secure;
4-1-3- To provide you with all the features and functions of App;
4-1-4- For internal research, statistical and user behavior
analytics;
4-1-5- To provide a smooth, efficient, and personalized
experience while using our App;
4-1-6- To enable your access to your related search history;
4-1-7- To notify you about a material change to this privacy
policy or the Terms of Use, if required by law and also service
updates;
4-1-8- Improving user experience through Balad's function in
different operating systems in different devices.
4-1-9- To train call center staff;
4-1-10-To comply with a judicial proceeding or court order; or as
evidence in litigation in which we are involved, to protect and
defend the rights or property of Balad or the Users of the App;
4-1-11-To communicate with Users directly;
4-1-12-To enable our partners and affiliates to render better

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

services relating to our services.
4-1-13-Suggesting services based on users' approximate location,
user searches and priorities shared with Balad.
4-2-We may also use the information on an aggregated and
anonymous basis. Anonymized and/or aggregated data are not
considered personal data and may be used for any purpose, including
without limitation for research and marketing. We may also share such
data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners,
sponsors, event promoters, and/or others.

---

5- Information Sharing
5-1- Balad may share information mentioned in this document in
a judicial proceeding or court order with relevant judicial
authorities in compliance with the laws and regulations.
5-2- We may share your information with our affiliates or partners
who we have a business relationship with, to process it for us,
based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy.

---

7-Your requests
Under certain circumstances, you may submit the following requests
about your personal information:
7-1- Access to your information collected by Balad
7-2- Completing incomplete or correcting incorrect data collected
by Balad
7-3- In case you request deleting or erasing your data. Balad will
process your request and will erase it how regulations allow and
will inform you properly.
7-4- Declaring your disagreement about collecting, saving,
processing and distributing personal information wherever
applicable law requires your permission; in this case, Balad will
consider your request in ways that law permits and inform you in
proper ways. As mentioned before, not having access to some
information, Balad may terminate rendering services wholly or
partially.