General Information
We use
• your general information to contact you in the right
manner;
• your personal data that is visible on the tickets you
upload in the import feature, to enable you to easily
store tickets centrally and share them with friends.
• your email address to send you information and
updates about your transaction(s); Based on your
(optional) consent we may also send you information
about topics that might be interesting or request
your feedback on new functions;
• your avatar, city and country of residence to
personalize your account;
• your telephone number to check whether it is real
and it belongs to you. When you sell tickets, the
verification of your phone number (and not the
number itself) will be shown on our Websites to
make buying second hand tickets safer for
(potential) buyers. When your ticket is sold we send
a text message to your telephone number.
• when you use our SecureSwap service, we may
share certain personal data with the relevant ticket
provider to enable them to issue, manage, and verify
your tickets. The specific personal data shared
depends on the organizer's requirements for
personalization and may include details such as your
name, contact information, date of birth and gender.
• depending on your consent, we may share your
registration details (for example your name, email
address) and your interests and purchase history
with selected event partners, so they can send you
marketing communication based on your interests.
---
Payment and Country
Information
We use
• your payment information to handle, check and
administer your payments.
• the payment information to include it in our
administration on behalf of the tax authorities.
• the country information to determine in which
country VAT is due.
---
Know Your Customer (KYC)
Standard verification
We use
• Based on the country of your bank, we are required
to ask some of personal details, which are
processed and verified by Stripe:
• City
• Address
• Postal code
• State
• Date of birth
• Last 4 digits of Social Security Number (SSN)
---
Additional verification
• When Stripe performs additional verifications, more
information is requested and handled by Stripe
(documents are not shared with TicketSwap):
• Copy of identity document
• Proof of Home Address
---
Facebook app specific ID
and Twitter ID
• Your Facebook ID, avatar, name, Facebook email
address, friends and your residence to (enable you
to) complete your account (optional). These
"Facebook data" will be shown on our Websites and
mobile apps when you sell tickets to make buying
second hand tickets safer for (potential) buyers. We
further use Facebook IDs for marketing purposes, as
described further in this document.
• Your Twitter ID, username, name, location, followers
count, friends count, number of status updates,
security status, verification status and account
creation date to complete your account. The “Twitter
data" will be shown on our Websites and mobile
apps when you sell tickets to make buying second
hand tickets safer for (potential) buyers.
---
Google Login
• Your Google ID, Google Mail. First Name, Last Name,
Location, This "Google data" will be shown on our
Websites and mobile apps when you sell tickets to
make hand tickets safer for (potential) buyers. We
further use Google Mail and Google ID for marketing
purposes, as described further in this document.
---
Health and safetyName and
e-mail address
We use
• your (sur)name and e-mail address are send to event
organizers when it is necessary for the event
organizer to safeguard the health and safety of their
visitors. Examples include (but are not limited to)
communication with visitors on severe weather,
terrorism, transport issues, event ingress and egress
updates, health, safety and hygiene and Covid-19
requirements, as well as insurance requirements.
---
Account Activity
We use
• certain information regarding your account activity to
be visible to other users. This may include your
(user)name, whether you are selling a ticket back to
an Event Organizer, the number of sales you have
made, and the reviews posted about you or your
ads.
---
• Legitimate interest: For processing general information, social information and electronic
identifiers, in order to log user activities to identify and prevent unlawful use of the account
and Services. As part of this, we may use your personal data for purposes of A/B testing to
improve our services and user experience. To fulfill our tax obligations, we process various
(personal) data to determine where a transaction took place (and consequently, VAT is
due), namely the country of residence provided by you, your IP-address, the prefix of your
phone number, the country code of your IBAN and the country of the event.Further, we
share your name and e-mail address with event organizers to allow them to send
information about cancellation, change of an event and health and safety during the event.
In case you have purchased an e-ticket through SecureSwap services provided by the
event organizer, we may share your email address with the organizer of the event to allow
the organizer to update you on new events.
---
When you have purchased an e-ticket through SecureSwap services of an event organizer,
the organizer of the event is allowed sending marketing emails for similar products and
services. Similar to the emails of TicketSwap, you can always easily unsubscribe from
---
receiving these emails of the organizer at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button in the
marketing email and/or by going to your account settings and disabling the toggle for email
preferences.
Based on your (optional) consent, we may use your personal information to show you
personalized advertisements. We may share this information with third party advertising
partners in order to show you such advertisements. You may object to this processing at any
time by sending an email to privacy@ticketswap.com.
---
Depending on your (optional) consent, we may use the content of any user reviews you
submit to our website for marketing purposes on our website and third party websites. You
may object to this processing at any time by sending an email to privacy@ticketswap.com.
---
We use this data to:
• Display your profile on the platform to other users in social features, according to your
privacy preferences.
• Enable you to make social connections with other users.
• Improve our recommendations based on the artists and events you follow.
---
Do we share your personal data with others?
Processors
We use the services of “Processors” for the processing of (personal) data. Within this context
these Processors receive personal data from us which they process on our behalf and for
our purposes. We use, for instance, processors for hosting our data, assisting us in support
services, providing (marketing and platform) analytics and insights and sending out mass
communication (e.g. via mail and SMS). One example of a third-party processor that we use is
OpenAl. We use OpenAl for extracting information from tickets that are uploaded by our
users. The output from OpenAl will help our users with automatically filling in details about a
ticket including event title, ticket category and ticket price.
The Processors must strictly follow our instructions regarding the processing of such
personal data. Therefore, they will not use the personal data for their own purposes. We will
ensure that all Processors comply with the requirements of the Privacy Legislation. We
require all our processors to sign a data processing agreement and processors are required
to demonstrate compliance with the data processing agreement at TicketSwap's request.
---
External Controllers
We may also share your personal data with external controllers in the following cases:
Payments: Your Payment will be processed via a third-party payment service provider. We
currently use Stripe and Wise for providing this service. Any personal data you provide to this
payment provider will be processed by the payment provider (as separate Controller) in
accordance with their own privacy policies.
---
Tax authorities: We are legally obliged to include (some of) the personal data in our financial
administration, which may have to be shared with various national tax authorities. The tax
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
authorities will process these personal data as separate Controller in accordance with its
own privacy policies.
---
Event organizers: On an occasional basis, namely when an event organizer needs to cancel
or change an event, the organizer asks us which tickets have been sold through our platform
to make sure the correct owners are informed and/or refunded. Such information may also
be used by the event organizers to prevent fraud or when this information is necessary to
safeguard their events visitors' health and safety. Examples of health and safety reasons
include (but are not limited to) severe weather, terrorism, transport issues, event ingress and
egress updates, health, safety and hygiene and Covid-19 requirements, as well as insurance
requirements.The event organizer in such case acts (as separate Controller) in line with its
own privacy policies.
---
Ticket providers: For the SecureSwap services, TicketSwap and ticket providers act as a
separate Controller. Any personal data you provide will be processed by the ticket provider
in accordance with their own privacy policies.TicketSwap is the first point of contact for
executing your rights as described in this Privacy Statement in relation to the personal data
processed for the SecureSwap services. Where appropriate, TicketSwap (or the ticket
provider) may refer you to the other party, if you can exercise your rights more quickly or
effectively with that other party.
---
Partners: Depending on your consent, we may share certain personal data with selected
third parties who we trust who may use this data for their own advertising purposes. These
partners act as independent data controllers, which means they determine the purposes and
means of processing your data. As such, their own privacy statements apply in addition to
ours. For a full list of our advertising partners and more information on how they use your
data, please refer to our Cookie Statement.
---
Apart from the above, we may share your personal data with third parties if we are legally
obliged to do so. We may share generic aggregated data with our business partners and
trusted affiliates. In such cases the data will be fully anonymized.
---
Is your data transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA)?
We may transfer personal data to parties outside the EEA, if one of our Processors or Joint
Controllers is established outside the EEA. We make sure the transmission of personal data
outside the EEA is in accordance with the Privacy Legislation (chapter 5 of the GDPR),
meaning the personal data will only be transferred to a company or country that provides an
adequate level of protection.