1 - Audiomack will only collect the minimum amount of data necessary.
Audiomack will only collect and store the absolute minimum amount of data possible to effectively run
our platform. We will, for example, store data on what songs you play on our platform to enable better
recommendations in the future, let artists know when their music is being listened to, and provide our
label partners with aggregate stream counts necessary for accounting.

---

3 - Audiomack does not transmit private or sensitive data to ad providers.
We need to run ads to keep our service alive. When you stream a song on Audiomack, a rightsholder
(artist, record label, etc) gets paid out on that stream, meaning we must create some revenue in exchange
for your usage of the platform. For users who do not want to subscribe, this means we must run ads.
Examples of data we may transfer to advertisers are IDFA or Android Advertising ID for app users, non-
identifiable browser information for web users (language, browser name, e.g. Chrome or Safari, etc),
genre of a song being listened to, and location to ensure ads reach a user in the correct country and city.
Most importantly, we do not allow ad providers to tie an ad request (when your mobile device or
browser "requests" an ad on page load) to your Audiomack profile. An ad provider does not, for
example, receive your name, username, email address, photo, listening history, or phone number as part
of the ad request.

---

5 - Audiomack will take all reasonable steps to protect your account and data.
We use best-in-class data storage systems, encryption, and vendors to ensure your data and account on
Audiomack stay secure.

---

Note: this Privacy Policy only applies to the Audiomack website, app, and any additional music delivery
mechanism or platform hereafter developed and/or utilized in any way, shape or form by Audiomack Inc.
(collectively hereby referred to as the "Platform"), When using the Platform you may encounter links or
ads for other services, platforms, apps, and/or websites that are not a part of the Services. Audiomack
assumes no responsibility for the privacy policies or activities of such third parties, and users should be
sure to check the privacy policy of any third party site or platform they use.

---

By using the Platform, you consent to;
Our use of cookies and other related technologies;
•
Our use of cookies and other related technologies;
•
The transfer of your information to a 3rd party outside of the country you reside in;
•
The collection, processing, use, and sharing of your information;
•
The public availability of certain kinds of personal information you elect to share by registering for an
account, and your controls for sharing such information.

---

To register for an Account, you are required to provide us with a valid email address, name, as well as
your age and gender. If you use Social Login (e.g. Facebook, Google, Twitter, or Sign In With Apple) to sign
up, we may receive some of this information from the social network.

---

•
Details of your interaction with any third-party apps, widgets, modals, and/or advertisements which
are linked to or made available on the Platform.

---

•
To show you relevant ads on behalf of advertisers and/or sponsors, which may include location data,
along with demographic data you make available to us or through connected third party services, recent
search history, and behavior with content, ads, or other users on the Platform;

---

•
To provide the content creators and rightsholders who provide audio content to the audiomack
platform with statistics on who is listening to their content.

---

4 - How we share your information
Information about you or your activity on the Platform may be shared in two
ways:
•
Information you share via your public profile on the Platform is publicly visible to other users of the
Platform and thus is shared
•
Data and information Audiomack collects on you (as described above) that Audiomack may in their
sole discretion share with reputable third parties in hopes of enhancing the Platform, its analytics and
services.
Information you share via your use of the Platform:
Any information you provide in your public profile (username, name, location, social media feeds) and/or
use of the Platform (plays, favorites, following, re-ups, playlists) is public and may be seen by other users
on the Platform or by Audiomack administrators.
Information we share:
Audiomack uses several reputable third party partners and services, based in the U.S., to enhance the
functionality, reliability, utility, and profitability of the Platform and to provide certain specialized services
for our administrators and users. We may also store your email address, device id, and other tokens in
services that enable us to send targeted messages to you via email, push notification, and on-platform
messaging. Although Audiomack is not responsible for the Privacy Policy or Data Security of said third
party services, we emphasize data security and integrity as a top priority when selecting which partners to
work with.
When you use our platform, we share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed
form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity
partners/service providers, including LiveRamp Inc. LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we
may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising and it may
be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt-out of
this use, please click here.
Audiomack will disclose your personal information in any case where it is necessary to do so to comply
with a criminal complaint, subpoena, court order, or legitimate law enforcement inquiry.
Audiomack may disclose your personal information if we feel it is necessary to do so to protect our
intellectual property, rights, business interests, or the safety or reliability of our platform, users,
employees, or stakeholders.
Audiomack may transfer your information to any person or party that acquires all or a substantial portion
of our company or assets, or in the case of a merger, acquisition, or if the company becomes insolvent.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various
channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you or your
business. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our
emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such
information to us, such as device ID. Our partners may link the hashed or obfuscated personal
information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect
information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or
inferred-interest information. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, and Smart TVs, over time
for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. For example, our partners may deliver an
ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store, or they may send
a personalized marketing email to you based on the fact that you visited a particular website. Your data
may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected. To learn more about
interest-based advertising in general and to opt out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. To opt-
out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.

---

Some ads served by third parties may use limited information about you and your interaction with the
Platform to enhance the targeting or retargeting of advertisements and marketing campaigns.

---

You may refuse to share your mobile advertising identifier (commonly known as IDFA) in our iOS app by
enabling the Limit Ad Tracking feature in iOS settings.

---

A cookie is a small file placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website which helps our
site and our 3rd party advertising and data partners recognize your device the next time you visit the site.
Cookies are essential for many simple functions such as recognizing a repeat visitor as logged in, and
providing access to your account, favorites, playlists, and profile. Audiomack utilizes two common types of
cookies - session based cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies
(which stay active until deleted or deactivate after a set period of time). Other technologies include pixel
tags (transparent images which help us determine if a page or email has been viewed by a user), web
beacons (also known as web bugs, which serve a similar function to pixel tags), and web storage.
Additionally, mobile users may be tracked using Device ID and/or hashed data to identify repeat mobile
usage. These combined technologies are used both by Audiomack and our 3rd party partners to ensure
essential Platform functionality; target, serve, measure, and track advertising delivery, targeting,
optimization, and performance; measure Platform analytics and usage; and to measure user and
audience behavior, trends, demographics, and location.

---

7 - Transfer to other countries/territories
Audiomack Inc. is based in the United States and follows all applicable U.S. laws concerning data storage
and privacy. Although our third party providers and services are based in the United States, there may in
some circumstances be cases where data is transmitted to servers outside of the U.S. as part of the
normal operation of the Platform. Please be aware that not all countries have the same data storage and
privacy laws as the United States, and by using the Audiomack Platform you consent to the storage,
transfer, collection, and transmission of your data to other territories as necessary.

---

8 - Links
The Platform contains links to third-party content, advertisements, and sites that are not owned by nor
affiliated with Audiomack Inc.. We cannot be held accountable for the content or privacy policy of third-
party sites. Be sure to read their privacy policies to determine if you are comfortable with how they handle
your information.