Thank you for using Fishing Points. Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. This
Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Application provided by the owner Fishing Points Ltd., a company
duly incorporated and organized under the laws of Slovenia, having its registered address at Jamova cesta
25, SI-1000 Ljubljana. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, store, process and share your
information in relation to your access and use of the Application.

---

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before agreeing or downloading or using the Application and let us
know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it. In order to use the Application, you must
first accept this Privacy Policy. By expressly agreeing to, downloading, making a purchase, registering for
an account or otherwise using the Application, you are (1) entering into legal agreement and (2) agreeing
to the collection, use, and sharing of your personal data as explained in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy
Policy constitutes a legal agreement between you and Fishing Points Ltd (hereinafter "us", "we", "our" or the
"Company").

---

"Data Processor": The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes
Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this Privacy Policy.

---

"Usage Data": Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services
employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the device utilized
by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the
request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response,
the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the
country of origin, the features of the device and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time
details per visit (e.g. the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path
followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other
parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.

---

2. Types of Data collected
2.1 Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through
third parties, there are:
(a) Identity Data includes first name and last name. If you sign up using a social media account, we will
also receive information from those social media services such as your name, email address, city, state,
zip code and third-party ID numbers. When interacting with the Service, you may also choose to provide
other profile information, including photos and other identifying information.

---

(g) Marketing and Communications Data includes User's preferences in receiving marketing from Owner
and third parties.

---

2.2 We do not sell your Personal Information and only share it with any third parties that
are pivotal to providing the Service. The content you submit via Service (e.g. saved catches,
locations, uploaded images) belongs to you, and only you may choose to share it with other
Users through the Service. We do not disclose individual account data with other users or
third parties unless we're legally compelled to do so.

---

2.3 Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected
automatically when using this Application. Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested
by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for
this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states
that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without
consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service. Users who are uncertain
about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of
Cookies or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third-party
services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by
the User, in addition to any other purposes described in this Privacy Policy and in the
Cookie Policy. Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published,
or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to
provide the Data to the Owner.

---

3. Mode and place of processiong the Data
3.1 Methods of processing. The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent
unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The
Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT-enabled tools, following
organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition
to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in
charge, involved with the operation of this Application (e.g. administration, sales,
marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (e.g. third-party technical
service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications
agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner.

---

(b) Automated technologies or interactions. As Users interact with this Application, Owner may
automatically collect Technical Data (provided by analytics and advertising networks based inside or
outside EU) about Users' equipment, browsing actions and patterns. Owner may collect this Personal Data
by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.

---

(c) Third parties or publicly available sources. Owner may receive Personal Data about Users from various
third parties and public sources.

---

(e) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third
party.

---

3.4 Place. The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places
where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the Users' location,
data transfers may involve transferring the Users' Data to a country other than their own. Το
find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the
section below containing details about the processing of Personal Data. Users are also
entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European
Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by
two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the
Owner to safeguard their Data. If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by
checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the
information provided.

---

4. The purpose of processing and information on the processing
4.1 The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service,
provide customer support, connect third-party services, comply with its legal obligations,
respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or
third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
Registration and authentication, Location-based interactions, Advertising, Personalization,
Sync data between devices, Sending messages, Facilitating Payments, Data analysis,
Debugging and improving the Service.

---

5. Data transfer outside the EU
5.1 The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the EU to third
countries (i.e. any country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a specific legal basis. Any
such Data transfer is based on one of the legal bases described below. Users can inquire
with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service.
(a) Data transfer abroad based on consent. If this is the legal basis, Personal Data of Users shall be
transferred from the EU to third countries only if the User has explicitly consented to such transfer, after
having been informed of the possible risks due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate
safeguards. In such cases, the Owner shall inform Users appropriately and collect their explicit consent via
this Application.
(b) Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses. If this is the legal basis, the transfer of
Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out by the Owner according to “standard contractual
clauses" provided by the European Commission. This means that Data recipients have committed to
process Personal Data in compliance with the data protection standards set forth by EU data protection
legislation. For further information, Users are requested to contact the Owner through the contact details
provided in the present document.
(c) Other legal basis for Data transfer abroad. If no other legal basis applies, Personal Data shall be
transferred from the EU to third countries only if at least one of the following conditions is met:
the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between the User and the Owner or of pre-
contractual measures taken at the User's request;

---

the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in the interest of the
User between the Owner and another natural or legal person;
the transfer is necessary for important reasons of public interest;
the transfer is necessary for establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
the transfer is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of other persons,
where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent. In such cases, the Owner shall
inform the User about the legal bases the transfer is based on via this Application.

---

(a) Approximate/precise location permission (non-continuous). Used for accessing the User's
approximate/precise device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in
order to provide location-based services. The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner
that isn't continuous and only during app usage. This means that it is impossible for this Application to
derive the approximate position of the User on a continuous basis.

---

(g) Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their
Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it
transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data
is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract
which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.

---

8. Sharing of personal data
8.1 In certain circumstances, we may share your Personal Data with third parties without
further notice to you, unless required by the law, as set forth below:
(a) Vendors and Service Providers. To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform
certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with service providers, including hosting,
cloud services and other information technology services providers; email communication software
providers and email newsletter providers; sales services; customer relationship management, customer
engagement, and customer feedback services; payment processors; security services; advertising
partners; social networks; vendors and analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will
access, process or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us.

---

By using our app and making in-app purchases, you consent to our sharing of data regarding your usage
and consumption of purchased content with Apple or Google, as part of our efforts to resolve refund
requests. This information may include details about how you have accessed and interacted with the
purchased content. The purpose of sharing this data is to help Apple or Google make an informed decision
regarding refund requests. We ensure that such data sharing is done in compliance with Apple's and
Google's policies and only as necessary to process your requests.

---

(b) Web payments. All purchases made through the website or web app are processed by a third party
payment processor, Paddle (paddle.com). Paddle may ask you for personal and/or non-personal data,
such as your name, address, email address, credit card information, or other personal data. Paddle has a
privacy policy (http://paddle.com/legal-buyers/) that describes their collection and use of personal data.
We do not control Paddle or its collection or use of data. Any questions or concerns about Paddle's
practices should be directed to Paddle.
Paddle provides us with certain non-personal data relating to purchases made by visitors to the website or
web app. The non-personal data may include details of the purchase such as the date, amount paid, and
product purchased. The non-personal purchase data may be linked to the personal data you provide to us
(typically limited to your email address, as stated above). Paddle does not supply us with any of your other
personal data such as your name, street address, or credit card information.

---

(c) Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider,
your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and
others assisting with the transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction
along with other assets.

---

(d) Legal Requirements. If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary
to (i) comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including to respond to lawful requests from public
authorities and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our
rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users
of the Site, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.

---

8.2 Where a third-party processes personal data on our behalf, it is subject to security and
confidentiality obligations consistent with, and not less restrictive than, this Privacy Policy
and applicable law, and it may not use the personal data for purposes other than to
perform their functions.

---

9.2 Security. Owner will use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the
confidentiality of Users' Data. However, Owner cannot be held liable for any loss of or
disclosure of Data or any losses or damages incurred due to errors in transmission or
unauthorized or unlawful acts of third parties or your decision to disclose your Personal
Data. No system can be 100% secure, and despite Owner's efforts, there is always a risk of
unauthorized access to Users' Data. By using this Application, Users assume this risk.

---

9.3 Legal action. The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in
Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this
Application or the related Services. The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be
required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.