During your online account opening process, you would also be sharing your Aadhaar with Digiotech
Solutions Pvt. Ltd. for the purpose of digitally signing the Zerodha account opening form. Digiotech
Solutions Pvt. Ltd. does not share your Aadhaar with Zerodha. After the account opening form has been
digitally signed by you, a copy of the digitally signed form would be emailed to you and to Zerodha for
reference/audit purposes. Digiotech Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a licensed e-Sign ASP (Application Services
Provider) with CDAC, compliant with the guidelines laid down by the Controller of Certifying Authorities
(CCA), India and UIDAI, to enable you to eSign the account opening forms online.
---
Collection and use of your non-personal information

Zerodha may from time to time collect information, i.e. Non-personal information which cannot be used
to identify you personally, while You are using the website or mobile application. Zerodha may from time
to time collect information such as Non-personal information such as IP (internet protocol) addresses,
browser types, the name of your ISP (internet service provider), information about a third party link/URL
from where You arrive to our website/mobile application, which pages/URLs do You click on the Zerodha
website / mobile application, and the amount of time spent on each.

Zerodha uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses
first-party cookies to report on user interactions with our web-based services. These cookies store non-
personally identifiable information.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Zerodha does not share any of your information with third parties except: (i) with respect to providing the
information or services that you have requested earlier, (ii) or with your express permission for sharing
such information, or (iii) with intermediaries/applications who require such information as per regulatory
requirements and procedure laid down by SEBI/Exchanges.
---
Disclosure for regulatory compliances: Zerodha will share your information with judicial, administrative
and regulatory entities to comply with any legal and regulatory requirements.
---
Disclosures with your prior consent: If, at any time, you choose to utilise the integrated services of third
party service partners through us, we will share your information with these third party service partners
with your prior consent.
---
Disclosure for provision of services: Zerodha will share your information with third party vendors of
Zerodha as necessary for the provision of services. Authorized third party vendors are bound by the
same standards of data security practices and procedures as we are under law and contract. They are
subject to the same penalties as we are for the unauthorised disclosure of your personal information.
---
[SECTION: Privacy Statement as per EU-GDPR]
Privacy Statement as per EU-GDPR

Zerodha shall implement and fulfil all its obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
2016/679 (“GDPR”). Zerodha shall process any personal data we collect from you in accordance with
Data Protection Legislation and the provisions of this Policy.

In case You are subjected to the above stated Regulation, You would have the below stated rights:

• You may request your data be deleted or corrected;
• You may request for access of any data that has been stored by Zerodha for providing You
services;
• You may request storable & readable data to be transferred to another party, this shall be done by
Zerodha to the maximum extent possible;
• As and where any data is requested, it would be taken only post your prior consent.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
After giving a written notice, a user, who is subject to GDPR, shall have the right to receive Personal
Information and Non-Personal Information, which is provided to Zerodha during the usage of Zerodha's
services, such that, this information may be used by another entity which is technically feasible by all
parties to the maximum extent possible. For sending across any notice pertaining to removal or
requesting to receive all such Personal Information and Non Personal Information, such that, this
information may be transferred to another entity/controller of such data as per the GDPR, all subject
users are required to write to “legal[@]zerodha[.]com". The designated Data Protection Officer for the
purposes of this GDPR shall be Mr Somnath Mukherjee.