Your personal data, which you provided/will provide to our Company and/or obtained by our
Company by any external means, may be processed by our Company as “Data Controller”;
In the context of the objective of processing your personal data and in connection
with this purpose, in a limited and measured manner,
By maintaining the accuracy and up-to-date version of the personal data as reported
or notified to our Company,
May be recorded, stored, preserved, reorganized and be transferred to the institutions
authorized to request such personal data by law and shall be transferred, classified
and shared with third parties within the country or abroad under the conditions
stipulated by legislation and upon your explicit consent if necessary, and they may be
processed by other means listed under the legislation and be subject to other
procedures set forth in the legislation.

---

This Privacy Policy describes which data we collect, how we intend to use, store, protect and
share the data we collect, how you can withdraw your consent for the processing of these
data and how you can correct and revise the data.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Company may offer paid products and/or services within the Application. In that case,
Company may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
Your payment details will not be stored or collected by Company. Such information is
provided directly to third-party payment processors. The use of such personal information
will be subject to the privacy policy of the third-party payment processors.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

User content
Please note that we do store this information in accordance
with this Privacy Policy and relevant legislation, especially
in order to be able to provide services. Company does not
share this information with third parties, except as
necessary to provide our service (for instance, to provide
AI-generated transcripts and summaries of the audio
recordings). At any time, you can request the deletion of
this information. Your other rights regarding this
information are outlined in detail in this Privacy Policy

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

[SECTION: a) Purposes of Processing Personal Data]
Process Security
●
●
●
●
●
execution of information security processes
conducting audit/ethical activities
execution/audit of business activities
conducting activities to ensure business continuity
providing information to authorized persons,
institutions and organizations

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Besides, the purposes of processing personal data may be updated in line with our
obligations arising from our company policies and legislation; in particular,
Creating user accounts for the service recipients/application users,
Customizing our Services, understanding our users and their preferences to enhance
user experience and enjoyment using our Services and improve our users' experience,
Informing about new products, services and applications and delivering you
information regarding advertisements and promotions,
Carrying out a digital subscription and in-app purchase processes of service
recipients,
Carrying out the auto-renewable subscriptions for giving users access to content,
services, or premium features in our service,
Carrying out the processes of information security,
Conducting activities in accordance with legislation,
Fulfilling the demands of competent authorities,
Conducting the processes of finance and accounting transactions,
Conducting communication activities,
Conducting the processes of contracts,
Carrying out strategic planning activities,
Following up requests and complaints.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

[SECTION: Third Party Websites and Applications]
Cookies
Cookies are little text files that are stored on the browser or hard drive of your computer or
mobile device when you visit a webpage or application. Cookies allow a website to run
more efficiently in addition to ensuring the presentation of personalized web pages in order
to make you live a faster visit experience which is more fit for your specific personal needs
and demands. Containing only data on your website visit history via the internet, cookies do
not collect any information, including your personal data/files stored on your computer or
mobile device. We may use cookies when it is necessary for operating our services, to
enhance our service performance and functionality, and to deliver content, including ads
relevant to your interests, on our sites, or third-party sites. You can delete cookies which are
already present on your computer and prevent the recording/location of cookies on your
internet explorer.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

[SECTION: Technical and Administrative Measures]
VPN. Suppliers can access Company servers or systems through SSL-VPN defined on
Firewalls. A separate SSL-VPN identification has been made for each supplier; with the
identification made, the supplier only provides access to the systems that it should use or is
authorized to use.

---

Backup. Company periodically backs up the data it stores. As a backup mechanism, it uses
the backup facilities provided by the cloud infrastructure providers, as well as the backup
solutions it develops when deemed necessary, provided that it is in compliance with relevant
legislation and provisions of this Policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In the event that the personal data is damaged as a result of attacks on Application or on the
Company system, despite Company taking the necessary information security measures, or
the personal data is obtained by unauthorized third parties, Company notifies this situation to
Users immediately and, if necessary, to relevant data protection authority and takes
necessary measures.

---

[SECTION: 5. Transferring Personal Data to Third Parties]
The procedures and principles to be applied for transferring of personal data are regulated in
articles 8 and 9 of the PDP Law, and the personal and special categories of data of the
supplier may be transferred to third parties within the country or abroad since we may use
servers and cloud systems located abroad.
Your personal data may be transferred abroad for the following reasons:
•
Conducting storage and archive activities
•
Conducting business activities
•
•
•
•
Conducting after-sales support services for goods/services
Managing customer relationship management processes
Correction of technical specifications, technical errors and defects
Transcribing and summarizing audio recordings
Company may also transfer your personal data to services providers of our Company, third
parties such as Facebook SDK, Adjust and Firebase Analytics which are embedded into our
service for the following purposes:
• Sharing identity, communication and transaction security information with authorized
public institutions and organizations for the purpose of execution of activities in
compliance with legislation, monitor and execution of legal affairs, informing
authorized persons, institutions and organizations.
• Sharing identity and contact information to manage after-sales support services,
conduct business activities and manage customer relationship management processes.

---

[SECTION: 6. Your Rights as the Data Subject]
Pursuant to Article 11 of the PDP Law, you may request the following regarding your
personal data by applying to Company:
Learn whether or not your personal data have been processed;
Demand for information as to if your personal data have been processed;
Learn the purpose of the processing of personal data and whether data are used in
accordance with their purpose;
Know the third parties in the country or abroad to whom your personal data have
been transferred;
In case the personal data is processed incompletely or inaccurately; requesting
notification of the transactions made under this scope to third parties to whom
personal data have been transferred;
Request deletion, destruction or anonymization of personal data if the reasons for the
processing have disappeared and request notification of the transactions made under
this scope to third parties to whom personal data have been transferred;
Object to occurrence of any result that is to your detriment by means of the analysis
of personal data exclusively through automated systems;
Request compensation for the damages in case you incur damages due to unlawful
processing of your personal data.

---

Where General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is applicable, data subjects have the
following rights:
Right of access
Learning whether personal data is being processed and, if so,
accessing your personal data and the information regarding the processing of your
personal data,
Right to correction -To request the correction of information that you believe is
inaccurate or the completion of information that you believe is incomplete by
Company,
Right to delete – To request deletion of personal data under the conditions stipulated
in GDPR,
The right to restrict processing - To request the restriction of the processing of
personal data under the conditions stipulated in the GDPR,
Right to object to processing - To object to the processing of personal data under the
conditions stipulated in the GDPR,
Right to data portability - To request the data collected by Company to be transferred
directly to another organization or under certain conditions,
Objection to the occurrence of a result against the person himself/herself, by
analyzing the processed data exclusively through automatic systems, including
profiling.

---

If you believe that we or someone with whom we have transferred your data is violating
your rights, you can file a complaint to the data protection authority in your country and to
other competent supervisory authorities.