1.4"Process or Processed or Processing" means any operation or set of
operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data,
whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation,
structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use,
disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available,
alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

---

1.5"Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or
other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.

---
[SECTION: 2.1 PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY US]
| When You are a(n) | What Personal Data We Collect | How We use Your Personal Data | Whom We share Your Personal Data with |
|---|---|---|---|
| Users who access the Platform for buying tickets or filling out an event inquiry form or a coupon code. | Your contact information, such as Your full name, email address, telephone number, and other Sign-up information. | • Creation of a User account, verification of a User's identity and help a User log into Our Platform. • To communicate to a User any updates on the Platform which may be of interest to such User. • To market events based on your interests, city of preference, etc. • To Process any transaction during the sale of the tickets. | Third-party partners who assist Us in providing Our Platform to You. |
| User/ Organiser | Information You have provided as part of any feedback, comment, inquiry, or survey. | To improve Our Services | Third parties whc assist Us in providing these services. |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 2.2 PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT NOT PROVIDED DIRECTLY BY YOU]
| When You are a(n) | What Personal Data We Collect | How We use Your Personal Data | Whom We share Your Personal Data with |
|---|---|---|---|
| Website visitor | • Your usage of Our Website(s) or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks or other identifiers • As described in clause 9. | • For market analysis, and market research • To protect the Our data from threats, violations, and breaches if any. • To inform, promote Our Platform to You. | Third-party partners who provide Us with services in connection with such Processing. |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

2.4In addition to the details provided in the table above, We may also share Your
Personal Data with
a.an entity to which we divest all or a portion of Our business, or otherwise in
connection with a merger, consolidation, change in control, reorganisation or
liquidation of all or a portion of Our business.
b.Law enforcement authorities, government authorities, courts, dispute
resolution bodies, regulators, auditors, and any party appointed or requested
by applicable regulators to carry out investigations or audits of Our activities.
c.Professional advisors who advise and assist Us in enforcing Our contracts
and policies, handling Our claims, effective management of Our company
and in relation to any disputes We may become involved in.

---

2.5The Website includes social media features and widgets that are either hosted
by a third-party or hosted directly on the Website and Your interaction with these
social media features and widgets is governed by the privacy statement of the
companies that provide them. You should check Your privacy settings on these
third-party services to understand and change the information sent to Us
through these services.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

4.2lf You are a resident of the European Economic Area and when Your Personal
Data is Processed outside EEA, We will ensure that the recipient of Your
Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering
into standard contractual clauses for the transfer of Personal Data as approved
by the European Commission (Article 46 General Data Privacy Regulation,
2016), or We will ask You for Your prior consent to such international data
transfers.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 8. NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:]
8.3Disclosure of Personal Information. We have disclosed the categories of
personal information listed in clause 8.2 above for a business purpose in the
twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date and may disclose such personal
information to service providers or contractors or to any other third parties who
support our business provided (a) they do not Sell or Share such personal
information or (b) retain, use or disclose such information for any purpose other
than for the specific purpose of performing the services specified in our contract
with them or (c) combine such information with any other information received
directly by them. We do not Sell or Share (as the terms are defined in the CPRA)

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

8.4.3 You can request Us to disclose (a) Your Personal Information Sold or
Shared and (b) the service provider or contractor, or a third-party (as
defined in the CPRA) to whom such information is Sold or Shared.

---

8.4.5You have the right to request deletion of your personal information held
by the Us or by Our service provider, contractor, or any other third party
to whom We have disclosed personal information to. We shall hold a
confidential record of all deletion requests for the purpose of preventing
the selling of such personal information for which You have submitted a
deletion request.

---

8.4.6You have the right to opt out of any Sale or Sharing of Your Personal
Information if any such sale or sharing occurs.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 11. NOTICE TO USER AND OTHER EXCLUSIONS]
11.1Where the Personal Data of Users are collected by the Organiser on their event
page, that Organiser is the Controller of such Personal Data. For the additional
information collected by Organisers on their brand page, Users' data privacy
questions and requests should be submitted to the Organiser in its capacity as
the Users' Controller. We are not responsible for Organisers' privacy or security
practices or the data retention period which may be different from this notice.
Organisers of Our Platform are solely responsible for establishing policies for
and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, as well as
any and all privacy policies, agreements, or other obligations, relating to the
collection of Personal Data in connection with the use of their brand page by
the Users.

---

11.4Website(s) use and transfer to any other app of information received from
Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy
(https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy), including
the Limited Use requirements.