4 Sharing of your personal data
We do not sell, lease, rent or give away your personal data except under the circumstances set out
below:
•
•
We may share your personal data with other members of our group of companies so we can
provide the best services across our group. They are bound to keep your information in
accordance with this policy.
We may also share your personal data with certain contractors or service providers. They
will process your personal data on behalf of us, for example, database service providers,
advertising agencies, or customer relation management service providers. Our contractors
and service providers will be required to meet our standards on processing data and
security. The information we provide to them, including your personal data, will only be
provided in connection with the performance of their functions.
Your personal data may be disclosed or transferred to other third-party organisations under the
following circumstances:
•
•
•
•
•
If we are discussing selling or transferring part or all of our business – your personal data
may be transferred to prospective purchasers under suitable terms as to confidentiality.
If we are reorganised or sold, your personal data may be transferred to a buyer who can
continue to provide the Services to you.
If we are required to by law, or under any regulatory code or practice we follow, or if we are
asked by any public or regulatory authority to disclose your personal data.
If we are defending a legal claim, your personal data may be disclosed or transferred as
required in connection with defending such claim.
If we have obtained your explicit consent in advance.
Your personal data may be shared if it is made anonymous and aggregated, as in such circumstances
the anonymized data will cease to be personal data.
---
5 Third-party Products and Services
We may include or offer certain third-party products or services on our websites and FlashGet. These
third-party products or services have their own privacy policies and they are separate and
independent from this policy. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and
activities related to these third-party products or services.
---
6 Where your personal data will be stored
Your personal data may be stored and processed in a country or jurisdiction outside of your country
of residence, and that country or jurisdiction may have data protection rules which are different from
those of your country of residence.
If we are to transfer your personal data out of your country of residence, we will endeavour to ensure
that a similar degree of protection is afforded by putting in place adequate technical, organisational
and legal measures.
We store your personal data on cloud servers located across the world. We will only transfer your
personal data to jurisdictions outside the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
(the "GDPR") where the appropriate safeguards set out in the GDPR are in place.
---
8 Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device and are widely used to make our websites
work and perform other functions. We use the following types of cookies:
•
Essential cookies are necessary to provide you with services and features available through
our websites. Without these cookies part or all of the functions of our websites cannot be
performed properly.
• Analytics cookies are used to understand how users engage with our websites, for example,
to generate site usage statistics.
• Advertising cookies are used to display more relevant advertisements and measure
advertising campaign performance.
For information on how we use these cookies and how you can manage your cookie preferences,
please contact help@flashget.com.