Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and
store your information.
---
You may be asked to provide your personal information any time you are in contact with BeLight Software.
We may share and use this information consistent with this Privacy Statement. We may also combine it with
other information to provide and improve our products, services, content and advertising. You are not
required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you choose not to do so, in
many cases, we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you
may have.
---
We may also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific
individual. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The
following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
---
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user
behavior on the site, to improve our product and services and to gather demographic information about our
user base as a whole. BeLight Software may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
---
Disclosure to Third Parties
At times, BeLight Software may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work
with BeLight Software to provide products and services or that help BeLight Software market to customers.
Personal information will only be shared by BeLight Software to provide or improve our products, services
and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Service Providers
BeLight Software shares personal information with companies that provide services such as information
processing, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products to you, managing and enhancing customer data,
providing customer service, assessing your interest in our products and services and conducting customer
research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your information.
Services we use and their respective privacy policies:
Google Analytics is used to analyze website visitors' behavior and activity:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
YouTube is used for video content playback:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Vimeo is used for video content playback:
https://vimeo.com/privacy.
FastSpring is used for online order processing:
https://fastspring.com/privacy/
Paddle is used for online order processing:
https://paddle.com/privacy/
ImpactRadius is used to track sales generated by websites that sends affiliate traffic to our products:
https://impact.com/privacy-policy/
Trimble 3D Warehouse service is used to provide users access to online storage of 3D models:
http://www.trimble.com/privacy.aspx
YouTube API Services are used for uploading walkthrough videos to YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
Devtodev is used as a solution to collect and analyze user behavior within software:
https://www.devtodev.com/policy.
Others
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
It may be necessary—by law, legal process, litigation and/or requests from public and governmental
authorities within or outside your country of residence — for BeLight Software to disclose your personal
information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably
necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event
of a reorganization, merger or sale, we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the
relevant third party.
---
When you use some BeLight Software products, services or applications, or post on a BeLight Software
forum, chat room or social networking service, the personal information and content you share is visible to
other users and can be read, collected or used by them. In these instances, you are responsible for the
personal information you choose to share or submit.
---
Third-party Sites and Services
BeLight Software websites, products, applications and services may contain links to third-party websites,
products and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third
parties. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or contact
details, is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those
third parties.