This
Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how SocialChain ("we", "our", or "us") collects, uses, shares, and stores personal information of its
users from the Pi Network mobile application, the Pi Browser mobile application, the Pi Node desktop software, Pi applications on Pi Apps
Platform including Pi Wallet, Pi KYC, Pi Developer portal and the website, https://minepi.com/ (the "Site") with regard to the Pi Digital
Currency ("Pi"). This Policy applies to the Site, applications, products and services (collectively, "Services") on or in which it is posted,
linked, or referenced.
---
If you are visiting this site from the European Union (EU), see our Notice to EU Data Subjects below for our legal bases for processing and
transfer of your data. If you are a resident of California, see our Notice to California Residents, at https://socialchain.app/privacy/california.
---
[SECTION: WHAT WE COLLECT]
We collect personal information about you in the following ways: 1) from you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us; 2)
using automated technology, including when you visit our Site, social media, or communications; and 3) using third party sources, including
our service providers, analytics providers, and social media companies. Automated technology collects information from your mobile device
and includes cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, or other similar technology. More information is given below in the "Cookies and
Other Technology" section below.
---
We may combine
data collected from third party sources.
---
[SECTION: Know Your Customer Verification Information]
We use ChatGPT to automate identity
verification and enhance security measures. By using our
KYC services, users consent to the use of ChatGPT, and other Al providers that may be later implemented, as part of our KYC
process.
Furthermore, ChatGPT maintains its own policies, including its own privacy policies. By using our KYC services, you are agreeing and
consenting to these policies, including their privacy policy which may be accessed at the following link: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-
policy.
---
[SECTION: Information we get from others]
• Social Media Widgets: Our Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook logins, “like” button and widgets, such as
the "share this" button. These features may collect your personal information and track your use of the Site. These social media
features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the
privacy policy of the company providing such functionality.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We also use Google Analytics to help us offer you an optimized user experience. You can find more information about Google Analytics' use
of your personal data here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
---
[SECTION: HOW WE USE INFORMATION]
To fulfill your requests
With your consent, We may use or share your personal information with your consent, such as when you instruct us to take a specific action
with respect to your personal information, or you opt into third party marketing communications.
---
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not share or sell the personal information that you provide us with other organizations without your express consent, except as
described in this Privacy Policy. We disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
•
•
Affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this
Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers. We may share personal information when we contemplate or enter into a business deal, or negotiate a business
deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing,
acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
• Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement; Protection and Safety. We may share personal information for legal, protection, and
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
safety purposes. We may share information to comply with laws.
We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal processes.
We may share information to protect the rights and property of ours, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our
agreements, policies, and Terms of Use.
We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any
person.
Professional Advisors and Service Providers. We may share information with those who need it to do work for us to provide the
Services. These recipients may include third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf
(such as customer support, hosting, email delivery, database management services and identity KYC validators (identity verifiers), as
well as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers.
KYC validators in Pi KYC app (KYC App) accessible through Pi Browser. KYC validators may be individual Pioneers from your
country or region, have passed the PI KYC and agreed to the SocialChain Validator Services Agreement that contains a Data
Processing Agreement. The information shared with a specific KYC validator will be only a subset of your KYC data to help with
identity verification. Please refer to the KYC App design for more details on how KYC validators access your information.
With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition. If SocialChain gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or
bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that
company before and after the transaction closes.
In the aggregate or after de-identification. We may also share with third parties aggregated or de-identified information that cannot
reasonably be used to identify you.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•
•
We do not share any data with ad networks directly. However the ad networks used inside our apps may request directly from your
phone's operating system, such as iOS or Android, an anonymized advertising identifier in order to for them to serve you with more
relevant ads.
Other. You may permit us to share your personal information with other companies or entities of your choosing. Those uses will be
subject to the privacy policies of the recipient entity or entities.
---
[SECTION: USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES]
We welcome users from all over the world, but wherever you live or use our services, we operate our services from the United States. This
means that we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries
whose local data-protection and privacy laws may offer fewer protections than those in your country of residence or from any country where
you use or access the services.
EU users should read the important information provided below under "Notice To EU Data Subjects" about transfer of personal information
outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
---
[SECTION: INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES]
You may access information that you have voluntarily provided through your account on the Services, and may review, or request that it be
corrected, or deleted by logging into your account in the Pi mobile application and visiting the user profile screen. For further requests in
regard to personal data access, you may 1) submit a request ticket through this link, or 2) make a request through
https://prighter.com/q/16457313501. You can request to correct contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and correct your personal
information and preferences, subject to applicable law and SocialChain terms of service. If you choose to withdraw your consent from the
collection, processing, and transfer of your information then we will be unable to provide you with a service and your account will be
deleted. Data subjects have the right to withdraw their consent at any time and we will honor your request. However, because your consent
to the sharing of information is necessary for our ability to verifying the identity of Pioneers so as to be compliant with regulatory
requirements and the SocialChain policy that only real human beings can receive Pi, without your consent we cannot provide you with our
service.
---
[SECTION: Google Analytics]
You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and
downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: NOTICE TO EU DATA SUBJECTS]
Cross-Border Data Transfer
Please be aware that your personal data will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the U.S.
may be different from those in your country of residence. We transfer your personal information out of the EEA only upon your consent.
You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our
Site or using our Services.
Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the EEA to the U.S. or countries not deemed by the European Commission to
provide an adequate level of personal information protection, the transfer will be based on a data transfer mechanism recognized by the
European Commission as providing adequate protection for personal information.
---
Transfers to Third Parties
Courts, tribunals, government authorities and related parties or counterparties with whom we share personal data, third-party vendors and
business partners are in some cases located outside the EU. Unless the recipients are located in countries that have been deemed adequate by
the European Commission, we put in place data transfer agreements based on the applicable European Commission-approved Standard
Contractual Clauses to protect the personal data so transferred. In certain cases, we may rely on statutory derogations for international data
transfers.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of
the EEA.
---
The collection, processing, and transfer of your information is necessary for our ability to provide you with our service. Without your
consent we will be unable to authenticate your account, verify your identity, facilitate mining, establish security circles along with various
other actions necessary for providing you with our service. As a result, if you decline to consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of
your data we will be unable to provide you with our service.
---
[SECTION: COOKIES POLICY]
Yes. We and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics or service providers use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies
to ensure everyone who uses the Site has the best possible experience.
---
A cookie ("Cookie") is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be
read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select
certain preferences, and some Cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each Cookie by viewing our current Cookie list
below. We update this list periodically, so there may be additional Cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used
in the Site or in emails to help us to deliver Cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an
email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on
an individual and aggregated basis.
---
Why do we use Cookies?
We generally use Cookies for the following purposes:
• To recognize new or past customers.
•
To store your password if you are registered on our Site.
To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site.
• To integrate with third party social media websites.
• To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
---
We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis, marketing and security purposes. Functional Cookies enable
certain parts of the site to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect
information on how visitors use our Site, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party
advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results.
Security cookies, such as CAPTCHA, ensure that users are human. Cookies are either "session" Cookies which are deleted when you end
your browser session, or “persistent,” which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the Cookie. Full
details on all of the Cookies used on the Site are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below.
---
We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the
combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve Cookies on our Site may link your name or email address to
other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information. If you are
located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header "Notice to EU Data Subjects",
including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you.
---
Cookies Disclosure
| Name of Cookie/Identifier | What does the Cookie generally do (e.g., website function and administration, analytics, marketing)? | Is it a 1st or 3rd party Cookie and what is the name of the party providing it? | What type of Cookie is it (persistent or session)? | What is the duration of the Cookie on the website (if not cleared by the user)? |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Google Analytics | Analytics | 3rd - Google | Persistent | 2 years |
| minepi_session | Maintaining user experience continuity | 1st - Pi Network | Persistent | 9 days |