• Account information. We may collect information related to your account, including your Aqara
Account nickname, profile photo, shared Aqara Account, phone number (if any), e-mail address.

---

Third-Party Advertising Service Providers: We may collaborate with third-party advertising
service providers to display relevant advertisements to you for the purposes described in this
Privacy Policy and the Aqara Shop Privacy Policy. To improve service quality, enhance user
experience, and support our business marketing activities, we may, in compliance with
applicable laws and regulations, share certain personal information (such as your email address)
with these partners when necessary to achieve the stated purposes. We are committed to
sharing information only within the scope of lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clearly
defined purposes, and only to the extent required for the provision of advertising services. Our
partners are prohibited from using the personal information they receive for any unauthorized
purposes. We will not share your sensitive personal information (such as identification details,
financial information, or biometric data) with any third parties-including advertising platforms,
data brokers, or information resellers-without your explicit consent. Even with such consent,
the sharing of sensitive information will be strictly limited to improving or delivering the
functionality of our websites, applications, products, or services.

---

INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE THIRD PARTIES
Please be aware that in order to realize the relevant functions and ensure the safety and stability of
the service, we have accessed the software tool development kit (SDK) provided by a third party, and
we will conduct strict security monitoring on the SDK obtained by the partner to protect the data
security.
In the following table, we list the types of third-party SDKs accessed in the Aqara Home app, as well
as the types of personal information you collect and the purpose of use: 1. Third-party SDK name:
Shangyun (CS2 Network)
Information collection types: Camera device ID, network information (IP, current network type and
name)
Purpose of use: It is used to set up the p2p connection of the camera after the camera device is
added
Operating systems: Android and iOS

---

1. Third-party SDK name: Facebook open-source framework
Information collection types: Device information (including device model, device identifier
(AndroidID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID/OAID)
Purpose of use: It is used to log in Facebook
Operating systems: Android and iOS

---

2. Third-party SDK Name: Google SDK
Information Collection Types: Device Identifiers: IMEI or OAID, SN, IMSI, Android ID, GAID.
Application Information: App registration and version number, operating status. Network
Information:IP or domain connection results, current network type. Running Process Information.
Purpose of Use: Google account authorization login
Operating systems: Android and iOS

---

3. Third-party SDK name: Sensors Data
Information collection types: IP address, sensor list, acceleration sensor, device information
(device version, device manufacturer, device model information), device identification
information (hardware serial number, IMEI, MAC address, IMSI information, IDFA, AndroidID),
device status information, install application package name information, network information
(WIFI parameter ssid), operator information, location information, IDFV, OAID, VAID, UUID, IMSI
Purpose of use: It is used to initialize the SDK for data collection after the user agrees to the
Privacy
Operating systems: Android and iOS

---

4. Third-party SDK name: Application performance monitoring full-link version App
monitoring SDK
Information collection types:
(1) Device information: device ID, device model, operating system, system time zone, screen
resolution, disk usage, memory usage, number of running threads, CPU information (frequency,
model, architecture), mobile device country code (MCC), Mobile Device Network Coding (MNC),
device dpi; Android ID, device brand, operating system api version, user agent, battery power,
network traffic, device abi, ROM;
(2) Application information: application version, application package name, process startup time,
crash time, crashed thread name, active page name, all thread stacks of the current process,
application service log information, application file name, application file size, disk size; fd list;
(3) System and network identification information: user ID, IP address, operator information,
network access mode.
Purpose of use: Use automation programs and algorithms to identify devices, obtain device
status (online, offline, and network environment), perform device count statistics, and debug
single device problems.
Operating systems: Android and iOS

---

5. Third-party SDK name: International translation platform SDK
Information collection types:
(1) Device information: device brand, device model, operating system;
(2) Application information: application package name;
(3) System or network identification information: network access mode (WIFI status);
(4) Personal location information: System country/region information.
Purpose of use: Obtain the i18n copy configured by the customer on the translation platform.
This parameter will be used by the server to configure the grayscale dimension selection for
grayscale delivery.
Operating systems: Android and iOS

---

6. Third-party SDK name: AndroidX Webkit (chromium)
Information collection types: SSID, BSSID, MAC address, WIFI information, AndroidX Webkit
(chromium) needs to monitor the WIFI switch and signal status, and will obtain WIFI information,
MAC address, SSID, installed APP information, and sensor information multiple times.
Purpose of use: AndroidX auxiliary development tools provided by Google, based on the
WebKit browser engine, provide web browsing services
Operating systems: Android

---

7. Third-party SDK name: GeTui
Information collection types: Device ID, device model, app version number, system version
number, device platform, device manufacturer, network information and position-related
information, application list information
Purpose of use: It is used to provide the message pushing service for models of the iOS
system
Operating systems: iOS

---

8. Third-party SDK name: Ali Mobile PUSH (EMAS)
Information collection types: Device identification information (operating system, device
model, IP, operator information)
Purpose of use: It is used to recognize the pushing device and push messages to the single
device
Operating systems: Android

---

9. Third-party SDK name: Xiaomi PUSH
Information collection types: Device identification information (IMEI [targeting at the following
versions of Android Q], OAID, Android ID and MAC address), setting information of the
notification bar, network status information (IP, current network type and name)
Purpose of use: It is used to provide the message pushing service for the mobile terminal of Mi
brand
Operating systems: Android

---

10. Third-party SDK name: OPPO PUSH
Information collection types: Device-related information (such as IMEI [targeting at the
following versions of Android Q], Android ID), application list
Purpose of use: It is used to provide the message pushing service for the mobile terminal of
OPPO brand
Operating systems: Android

---

11. Third-party SDK name: vivo PUSH
Information collection types: Device-related information (such as IMEI [targeting at the
following versions of Android Q], Android ID), application list
Purpose of use: It is used to provide the message pushing service for the mobile terminal of
vivo brand
Operating systems: Android

---

12. Third-party SDK name: FCM PUSH
Information collection types: List of applications in operation
Purpose of use: It is used to receive the message pushing service when the overseas device is
used in the overseas region, including APNS push
Operating systems: Android

---

13. Third-party SDK name: Tencent Bugly Pro SDK
Information collection types: (1) For Android devices: Log information (including third-party
developer custom logs, Logcat logs, and App crash stack information), device identification
information (IMEI [for versions below Android Q], IMSI, MAC address, Android ID, and IDFV),
phone model, phone brand, phone system API level, CPU architecture type, whether the device
is rooted, disk space usage, SD card space usage, memory space usage, network information,
network type, system name, system version, country code, phone serial number, current running
process name and PID. (2) For iOS devices: Device model, operating system name and version,
operating system internal version number, Wi-Fi status, CPU attributes, remaining memory
space, disk space/disk remaining space, runtime phone status (memory used by processes,
virtual memory, etc.), IDFV, whether the device is jailbroken, area code.
Purpose of use: To collect statistics on APP abnormal situations and troubleshoot crashes.
Operating systems: Android and iOS

---

WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell any personal information to third parties.
We may disclose your personal information on occasion to third parties (as described below) in order
to provide the products or services that you have requested. If you no longer wish to allow us sharing
this information, please contact us at privacy@lumiunited.com.
To help us provide you with services described in this Privacy Policy, we may, where necessary,
share your personal information with our third party service providers listed in this section below.

---

These third party service providers may process your personal information on Lumi Company's
behalf or for one or more of the purposes of this Privacy Policy. You should know that when Lumi
Company shares your personal information with a Third Party Service Provider under any
circumstance described in this section, Lumi Company will contractually specify that the third party is
subject to practices and obligations to comply with applicable local data protection laws. Lumi
Company will contractually ensure compliance by any Third Party Service Providers with the privacy
standards that apply to them in your home jurisdiction.

---

SHARING WITH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
To provide better customer support service to you, we entrust a third party service provider to
process some of your personal information, here are the details:
Name of the third party: Freshworks
Nature of the sharing: Entrusted processing of personal information
Purposes to process the information: To provide customer support service; Communicating with you
about your device, service or any general queries, such as updates, customer inquiry support,
information about our events, notices.
Category of information processed: Feedback information.
Recipient's location: 2950 South Delaware St. 2nd Floor, San Mateo, CA 94403 U.S.A.

---

INFORMATION NOT REQUIRING CONSENT
Lumi Company may disclose your personal information to others without further consent when it is
required by law.
For the avoidance of doubt, Lumi Company may collect, use or disclose your personal information
without your consent if it is and only to the extent it is allowed explicitly under local data protection
laws. Such disclosure may be brought about by the necessity to protect our rights, ensure the safety
of you and other people, and comply with the requirements of the local government to facilitate the
investigations of illegal activities.

---

We make sure that our employees and Third Party Service Providers who access the information to
help provide you with our products and services are subject to strict contractual confidentiality
obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet such obligations. We have special
access controls for cloud based data storage as well. All in all, we regularly review our information
collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
any unauthorized access and use.

---

• Lumi Company cannot be held responsible for lapses in security caused by third party accesses
to your personal information as a result of your failure to keep your personal information private.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you must notify us immediately if there is any unauthorized use
of your account by any other Internet user or any other breach of security.

---

TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF YOUR JURISDICTION
To the extent that we may need to transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction to the
third part service provider, we shall do so in accordance with the applicable laws. In particular, we will
ensure that all transfers will be in accordance with requirements under your applicable local data
protection laws by putting in place appropriate safeguards.
Lumi Company may use overseas facilities to process or back up your personal information.
Currently, Lumi Company has data centers in mainland China, Germany, South Korea, Singapore,
Russia and United States. These overseas jurisdictions may or may not have in place data protection
laws which are substantially similar to that in your home jurisdiction. We may transfer to and store
your personal information at our overseas facilities. However, this does not change any of our
commitments to safeguard your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your
personal information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful
request. By providing information to Lumi Company, you consent to the storage of your pe6655rsonal
information in these locations. If you use our services in the area of the European Economic
Area (EEA), The privacy_policy for EEA shall apply.If we share personal data originating by you in
the EEA to a third party service provider outside the EEA, we will do so on the basis of EU standard
contractual clauses or any other safeguards provided for in the GDPR.