If you log in via social media, the personal data we collect may include your basic public
profile (e.g., full/short name, profile photo, identifier, gender, profile URL, birthday,
homepage, and location) and your email address, which we use for authentication
purposes. In this case, your social media provider may collect information on the fact that
you are using the App and logging in using your social media account. Please read your
social media provider's Privacy Notice (e.g., Facebook, Google, Apple) to learn about their
privacy practices, including, what type of personal data they collect, and how they use,
process and protect them.
---
with your activity in the social community to provide you with a personalized experience of
the App by presenting content that is most relevant for you, as well as sending you push
notifications and/or In-App messages. These notifications or messages could contain
content of third-parties that we have decided to partner with in the context of the App. We
do this by analyzing the data collected and using specific recommendation and filtering
algorithms.
---
In some countries, the Services include the ‘Community' feature, which allows you to see
recipes from other members in your country, share your own recipes and post comments. As
part of the 'Community' feature (i) you will easily see the foods you prefer, and your Device
(s) model (e.g., Air fryer model); and (ii) other users may see your username, country, photo,
your connections in the App, and the recipes you store in the App. The App will show
whether the 'Community' feature is available in your country.
---
In some countries (the App will show availability), the App also provides premium recipe
content. This premium recipe content is available for purchase and will be stored in your
account. You can view the premium recipe and in case you are interested, you can click on
the purchase button. You will be redirected to a third-party payment service provider.
Please note you need to be logged in with a registered account to be able to purchase
premium content (to enable storage of the content in your account). After you have
successfully followed the payment instructions, your purchase is completed, and you will be
redirected to the App. There you can access your premium content, which will remain
available to you in your account.
---
We use your Device Data to provide you with personalized services for all coffee related
consumables, including recording your Device Data for purposes of Amazon Replenishment
Services, as detailed further below.
---
We may also use your hashed and encrypted email address to identify and reach potential new
customers who may share interests and/or behaviour similar to yours. We do so, for example, by
creating segments and audiences and sharing this with platforms like Google, Meta or Amazon,
where they can identify so-called lookalikes. With the support of Google, Meta or Amazon
functionality, our ads are displayed to users in these audiences. It is a way to increase the
efficiency of our marketing effort.
---
If you consent to receiving promotional communications about Versuni products, services,
events and promotions or the promotional communications of the partners that we have
carefully selected, we may send you marketing and promotional communications via email or
digital channels, such as mobile apps and social media. To be able to tailor the communications
to your preferences and behavior and provide you with a more relevant and personalized
experience, we may analyze your Combined Data. You may opt-out and unsubscribe from such
communications at any time.
---
Air Purifier Permissions:
Weather and Air Quality information. When enabling this permission, the App shares your
geo-location data (based on GPS, latitude and longitude) with a third party to provide you
with a location map with air quality information in the Homepage of the App. This third
party is AirMatters.
---
With whom are Personal Data shared?
Versuni may disclose your personal data to third-party service providers, business partners, or
other third-parties in accordance with this Privacy Notice and/or applicable law.
---
Service Providers
We work with third-party service providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand,
customize, support and market our Services.
We may share your personal data with the following service providers:
IT and Cloud Providers
These service providers deliver the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage,
transactional services and/or related technology required to run the App or provide the
Services.
Analytics Service Providers
---
These service providers deliver the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and/or
related technology that we require to perform App analytics. See also above under Cookies and
Analytics.
Payment Service Providers
We are using Adyen as payment service provider. This means that the data will be subject to
processing by Adyen when you perform a purchase. Included in the Adyen services is a payment
fraud solution to detect behavioral abnormalities and decrease the overall risk of fraud or
fraudulent transactions on the platform
---
Versuni requires its service providers to provide an adequate level of protection to your personal
data similar to the level that we provide. We require our service providers to process your
personal data only in accordance with our instructions and only for the specific purposes
mentioned above, to have access to the minimum amount of data they need to deliver a specific
service, and to protect the security of your personal data.
---
Other third-parties
Versuni may also work with third-parties who process your personal data for their own
purposes. If Versuni shares personal data with third-parties that use your personal data for their
own purposes, Versuni will ensure to inform you and/or obtain your consent in accordance with
applicable laws before sharing your personal data. In this case, please read their privacy notices
carefully as they inform about their privacy practices, including, what type of personal data they
collect, how they use, process and protect them.
---
Please note, concerning possible third-party advertising in the App we do not share your
personal data with these partners. Even if you opt in to receive marketing and if you allow all
Cookies, we do not share your personal data with the advertising third-party. What we do is
analyze the effectiveness of such partnership campaigns and inform our partners on the
effectiveness (e.g. how many App users have clicked on the ad, how many App users have
invoked the offer). We are able to analyze this from reviewing the App usage and when you
accept the Branch Metrics Cookie mentioned before. The external reporting of this effectiveness
study is happening on an aggregated basis only, which means that our partner – the third-party
– will not be able to redirect this information to any individual App user.
---
Versuni sometimes sells a business or a part of a business to another company. Such a transfer of
ownership could include the transfer of your personal data directly related to that business, to
the purchasing company. All of our rights and obligations under our Privacy Notice are freely
assignable by Versuni to any of our affiliates, in connection with a merger, acquisition,
restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, and we may transfer your
personal data to any of our affiliates, successor entities, or new owner.
---
Amazon
Alexa
Depending on the Device model you use, the Kitchen Plus Skill/Coffee Plus Skill (“Skill”) allows
you to control your Device and obtain information via Amazon Alexa.
When you enable the Skill, Versuni allows you to connect your Amazon Account to the Versuni
account you use to login to the App. When connecting your accounts, Versuni and Amazon
independently adopt technical measures to validate your identity. Versuni shares account
identifiers but does not share your account credentials, including name or email address, with
Amazon.
---
When you speak to Alexa, Amazon sends a written version of your voice commands to Versuni
together with a unique identifier. We process this information to execute your commands and
issue a response in accordance with our Privacy Notice. We share our written response with
Amazon so that Amazon can inform you about the outcome of your command in accordance
with Amazon's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use. Versuni and Alexa may also exchange
information on the Device you decide to control through the Skill, including when you update,
change or remove a Device.
---
Amazon Dash Replenishment Services (DRS)
In some countries, we support DRS. When you subscribe to DRS, the App will place automatic
Beans or Aquaclean filter order for you via Amazon. For such purposes, you will have to log in to
your Amazon Account, and Amazon will provide its own services to you.
---
When you set-up your DRS subscription, we share the following data with Amazon: the serial
number and model (hx number) of your Device, and your daily aggregated Beans or Aquaclean
filters inventory. To keep track of your subscription, we store your Amazon Customer ID. If you
unsubscribe to DRS, we will delete such Customer ID.
---
You understand that your commands and responses may amount to personal data. You also
understand that Amazon provides its own services to you and by providing consent, you instruct
us to share your personal data with Amazon. Amazon may process your personal data in
countries outside of your country of residence, which may not provide adequate protection to
personal data in line with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any
time by disabling the Skill. Please read Amazon's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use for further
information.
---
Cross-border transfer
Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in
which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you acknowledge the transfer (if
any) of information to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have data
protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts,
law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries
may be entitled to access your personal data.
---
If you are located in the EEA, your personal data may be transferred to our affiliates or service
providers in non-EEA countries that are recognized by the European Commission as providing
an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards. For transfers from the EEA to
countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place
adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission
to protect your personal data.
---
If you would like to submit a request to access, rectify, erase, restrict or object to the processing
of personal data that you have previously provided to us, or if you would like to submit a
request to receive an electronic copy of your personal data for purposes of transmitting it to
another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable
law), you may contact us here. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
---
Special information for parents
While the Services are not directed to children, as defined under applicable law, it is Versuni
policy to comply with the law when it requires parent or guardian permission before collecting,
using or disclosing personal data of children. We are committed to protecting the privacy needs
of children and we strongly encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their
children's online activities and interests.