THIRD PARTIES THAT MAY HAVE ACCESS TO USER INFORMATION
We work with third parties to help us make our Services operate smoothly, to help us communicate with users
of our Services, to help us process and fulfill ecommerce orders, and to improve user experience. These third
parties are given access to user information only as is reasonably necessary to provide their services. Here are
some of the third parties we work with:
•
Google Analytics (website analytics service), to analyze and optimize the performance of our Services.
Here is information about Google Analytics' data security safeguards:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Here is information on how to opt out of Google Analytics or to manage your Google Analytics settings:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
---
WHEN DO WE SHARE USER INFORMATION?
•
•
•
•
Service Providers. We share information with unaffiliated companies or individuals we hire or work with
that perform services on our behalf, including customer support, payment processors, or others who
assist us in fulfilling orders or transactions, web hosting, information technology, and analytics services.
Our service providers will be given access to your information only as is reasonably necessary to provide
the services for which they are contracted.
Legal and safety factors. We may disclose personal information if required by law or in the event that
we need to share information with a third party in order to protect user safety and security or the safety
and security of Leqing and its employees.
Corporate Change. We may disclose user information to third parties in connection with a corporate
change, including any due diligence process, but such disclosure will be subject to this Privacy Policy
continuing to govern treatment of personal information.
Other than as described in the Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to any third
party unless we have received your consent.
---
Our website uses cookies from third parties to distinguish you from other users, maximize network resources,
manage traffic, protect our websites from malicious traffic. This helps us to provide users with a good
experience when browsing our website and also allows us to improve our site.
---
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any questions about how we treat your children's
information in connection with our Services, or would like to review or have deleted you or your child's
personal information, or if you would like to withdraw consent for the further collection and use of you or your
child's personal information or restrict us from disclosing such information to third parties, please contact us
at support@babytiger.tv.