Shanghai Yuanjing Information Technology Co., Ltd (“YJ Tec") takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy
("Privacy Policy") explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when
you use our mobile applications (“Software”or “App”) and explains how we and some of the companies we
cooperate processing such information.
---
3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but for your better use of the services provided by third-
party organizations we may share your information from tools like device identifiers and location data, with third-party
organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or providing service to the App. We do
not have power to control or influence these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore,
if you do not want to share your personal data with any third-party organizations, please contact us for more details
---
or do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App,
including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other
unforeseen circumstances:
Das required by law;
Owhen we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of
others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
---
4. TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
We work in the international space and provide our App to our users around the world. We and third-party
organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App may transfer the automatically
processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around
the world.
Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your
data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the App and/or related services. You may withdraw your consent
at any time.
---
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract
between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent
for our collection, use, disclosure of your personal information, we( and any third parties with whom we cooperate)
will promptly cease all such use, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal
obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other
malicious acts.