We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your
trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how Amazon.com
and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information through
Amazon products, services, stores, website and physical locations, devices and applications that
reference this Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services"). By using Amazon Services, you
are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the
business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share customers' personal
information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either
are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in
this Privacy Notice.
• Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products,
applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services.
For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download
applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-
party skills through our Alexa services. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly
with third-party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third
party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers' personal information
related to those transactions with that third party.
• Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform
functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services,
delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from
customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results
and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content,
scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These
third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their
functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
• Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other
businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of
the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-
existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the
unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired,
customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
• Protection of Amazon and Others: We release account and other personal information
when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our
Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other
companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might
be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the
information.

---

What About Advertising?
• Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may include
third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising
partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content,
advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon,
including interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice. To adjust your
advertising preferences, please visit Your Ads Privacy Choices.
• Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: We provide ad companies with information
that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure
their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that directly identifies
you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device
identifier, or a code derived from applying irreversible cryptography to other information
like an email address. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we
will share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be
served an ad to download the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping
actions like purchases, product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an
advertising identifier and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf
so they can serve you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use
this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more
about how to opt-out of personalized advertising (such as cross-context behavioral
advertising) by visiting Your Ads Privacy Choices.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and
Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Learn more about
the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework.