• To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user
communications with each user's consent.

---

Will your information be shared with anyone?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your
rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
• Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a
specific purpose.
• Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate
business interests.
• Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal
information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
• Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply
with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response
to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements).
• Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take
action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the
safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. More specifically,
we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
• Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third-party
•
vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting
services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on
the Services, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you interact with our Services over
time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of
certain content, pages or features, and better understand online activity. Unless described in this notice, we do not
share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We have
contracts in place with our data processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This
means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They
will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also commit to protect the
data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct.
• Other Users. When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, contributions or other
content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be
viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity. If you interact with
other users of our Services and register for our Services through a social network (such as Facebook), your
contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other
users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your
profile.

---

Who will your information be shared with?
In Short: We only share information with the following third parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that you
may be easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data
based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us using the contact details provided in the
section below titled "How can you contact us about the notice?".
• Allow Users to Connect to Their Third-Party Accounts Google account
•
Cloud Computing Services Google Cloud Platform
• Functionality and Infrastructure Optimization Cloud Functions for Firebase, Firebase Realtime Database and
Firebase Hosting
•
User Account Registration and Authentication Google Sign-In

---

How do we handle your social logins?
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account, we may have access to certain
information about you.
Our Services offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your
Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from
your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider
concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you
choose to make public on such social media platform.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are
otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for,
other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their
privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your
privacy preferences on their sites and apps.

---

cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by
advertisers on our Services visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.

---

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California
residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal
information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third
parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California
resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information
provided below.

---

Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each
service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
The current list of our service providers can be found in below.
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for
technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal data.
Nexus has disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business or commercial
purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months:
• Category B. Personal information, as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as your name, contact
information, education, employment, employment history and financial information.
• Category F. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history,
online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems and
advertisements.
• Category G. Geolocation data, such as device location.
• Category K. Inferences drawn from any of the personal information listed above to create a profile or summary
about, for example, an individual's preferences and characteristics. The categories of third parties to whom we

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose can be found under "Who will your
information be shared with?".

---

Right to be informed - Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
• whether we collect and use your personal information;
• the categories of personal information that we collect;
• the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
• whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
• the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
• the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
•
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information. In accordance with applicable
law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer
request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.

---

•
you may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving a
request to opt-out, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date
of the request submission. To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at privacy@chai.ml, or by referring
to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we
would like to hear from you.