below). For example, even if you do not reside in Egypt, your information may be shared with
Breadfast, Inc. which provides global support for all Services including technical
infrastructure, product development, security, compliance, fraud prevention, and customer
support.
---
Application for
financing solutions
offered by financing
providers
We collect your financing information on behalf of the
financing provider you choose and send the information to
that financing provider to facilitate your application to
financing products.
---
Information we collect from our affiliates and third parties: From time to time, we may obtain
information about you from our affiliates or third party sources as required or permitted by
applicable law (for example if you link, connect, or login to the Site or the App with your
Google, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter accounts) or other sources (such as your contacts or
brands we partner with)
---
• Joint Marketing Partners & Resellers: For example, unless prohibited by applicable
law, joint marketing partners or resellers may share information about you with us
so that we can better understand which of our Services may be of interest to you.
---
We will use information from third party services if you register
with us using another service, such as Facebook or Google,
including Google's one-tap login service. Connecting to third-
party applications or services is optional. If you create your
account by connecting through another service, we will collect
public information from that connected account to help
complete your profile.
---
4. ΑΝΟΝΥMIZED AND AGGREGATED DATA
Anonymization is a data processing technique that modifies personal information so that it
cannot be associated with a specific individual. Except for this section, none of the other
provisions of this Privacy Policy applies to anonymized or aggregated customer data (i.e.
information about our customers that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or
references an individual customer).

Breadfast may use anonymized or aggregate customer data for any business purpose,
including to better understand customer needs and behaviors, improve our Services, conduct
business intelligence and marketing, and detect security threats. We may perform our own
analytics on anonymized data or enable analytics provided by third parties. Types of data we
may anonymize include, transaction data, click-stream data, performance metrics, and fraud
indicators.
---
Most of our core Services are subject to laws and regulations requiring us to collect, use, and
store your personal information in certain ways. For example, Breadfast must identify and
verify customers using our Services in order to comply with laws across jurisdictions. This
includes collection and storage of your identification. In addition, we use third parties to
verify your identity by comparing the personal information you provide against third-party
databases. When you seek to link a bank account to your Breadfast Account, we may require
you to provide additional information which we may use in collaboration with service
providers acting on our behalf to verify your identity or address, and/or to manage risk as
---
Breadfast handles sensitive information, such as your identification and financial data, so it is
very important for us and our customers that we actively monitor, investigate, prevent, and
mitigate any potentially prohibited or illegal activities, enforce our agreements with third
parties, and/or prevent and detect violations of our posted user agreement or agreements for
other Services. In addition, we may need to collect fees based on your use of our Services. We
collect information about your account usage and closely monitor your interactions with our
Services. We may use any of your personal information collected for these purposes. The
consequences of not processing your personal information for such purposes is the
termination of your account.
---
• To provide Breadfast's Services

We process your personal information to provide the Services to you. For example, when you
want to require a service on our platform, we require certain information such as your
identification, contact information, and payment information. We cannot provide you with
Services without such information. Third parties such as identity verification services may
also access and/or collect your personal information when providing identity verification
and/or fraud prevention services.
---
We process your personal information to provide a personalized experience, and implement
the preferences you request. For example, you may choose to provide us with access to
certain personal information stored by third parties. Without such processing, we may not be
able to ensure your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services.
---
Based on your communication preferences, we may send you marketing communications (e.g.
emails or mobile notifications) to inform you about our events or our partner events; to
deliver targeted marketing; and to provide you with promotional offers. Our marketing will be
conducted in accordance with your advertising marketing preferences and as permitted by
applicable law.
---
We will not use your personal information for purposes other than those purposes we have
disclosed to you, without your permission. From time to time, and as required under the
applicable law, we may request your permission to allow us to share your personal
information with third parties. In such instances, you may opt out of having your personal
information shared with third parties, or allowing us to use your personal information for any
purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or
subsequently obtained your authorization. If you choose to limit the use of your personal
information, certain features or Breadfast Services may not be available to you.
---
(10) To enhance your experience (12) To
engage in third party marketing activities
(14) For any purpose to which you consent
Based on your consent.
---
7. WHY WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHER PARTIES
We take care to allow your personal information to be accessed only by those who require
access to perform their tasks and duties, and to share only with third parties who have a
legitimate purpose for accessing it. Breadfast will never sell or rent your personal information
to third parties without your explicit consent. We will only share your information in the
following circumstances:

• With third party identity verification services in order to prevent fraud. This allows
Breadfast to confirm your identity by comparing the information you provide us to
other third party databases. These service providers may create derivative data
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
authorized.
• With service providers under contract who help with parts of our business
operations. Our contracts require these service providers to only use your
information in connection with the services they perform for us, and prohibit them
from selling your information to anyone else. Examples of the types of service
providers we may share personal information with (other than those mentioned
above) include:
o Network infrastructure
o Cloud storage
o Payment processing
o Transaction monitoring
o Security
o Document repository services
o Customer support
o Internet (e.g. ISPs)
o Data analytics
o Information Technology
o Marketing
• With companies or other entities that we plan to merge with or be acquired by. You
will receive prior notice of any change in applicable policies.
• With companies or other entities that purchase Breadfast assets pursuant to a
court-approved sale or where we are required to share your information pursuant to
insolvency law in any applicable jurisdiction.
• With our professional advisors who provide banking, legal, compliance, insurance,
accounting, or other consulting services in order to complete third party financial,
technical, compliance and legal audits of our operations or otherwise comply with
our legal obligations.
• With law enforcement, officials, or other third parties when we are compelled to do
so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure, or when we believe in
good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent
physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate
violations of our User Agreement or any other applicable policies.
• We share personal information about you with our Affiliates as a normal part of
conducting business and offering Services to you.

Where we believe it is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of any person. If you
establish a Breadfast Account indirectly on a third party website or via a third party
application, any information that you enter on that website or application (and not directly on
a Breadfast website) will be shared with the owner of the third party website or application
and your information will be subject to their privacy policies. For more information see the
"Third-Party Sites and Services” section below.
---
We may store and process all or part of your personal and transactional information, including
certain payment information, such as your encrypted bank account and/or routing numbers,
in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities or our service providers are located.
We protect your personal information by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural
safeguards in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
---
For example, we use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce
physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal
information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities. Full
credit card data is securely transferred and hosted off-site by payment vendors in compliance
with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS). This information is not
accessible to Breadfast or Breadfast staff.
---
However, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of
your data will not occur. Please recognize that you play a vital role in protecting your own
personal information. When registering with our Services, it is important to choose a
password of sufficient length and complexity, to not reveal this password to any third-parties,
and to immediately notify us if you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of
your account.
---
DATA COLLECTION AND USAGE
The following data is shared from Breadfast's main application and website to the Breadfast
Driver app to facilitate the delivery service:

• Data provided by users. This includes: name, email, phone number, address,
payment method chosen for a specific transaction.
• Data created during usage of the service by the Driver. This includes location data
(Breadfast collects this data when the Driver app is running in the foreground (app
open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen) of the Driver's
mobile device.
• Location data (Drivers and delivery recipients). We collect precise or approximate
location data from drivers mobile devices if they enable us to do so. Breadfast
collects this data from the time a ride or delivery is requested until it is finished,
and any time the app is running in the foreground of their mobile device. We use
this data to enhance the use of the Breadfast service, so our users can track the
progress of their delivery in real time, improve the pick up and drop off process and
detect possible fraud.
• Transaction information: We collect transaction information related to the use of
our services during the drop off, including the type of services requested or
provided, order details, delivery information, date and time the service was
provided, amount charged, distance traveled, and payment method.
• Device data: We may collect data about the devices used by the Driver to access
our services, including the hardware models, device IP address, operating systems
and versions, software, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, advertising
identifiers, serial numbers, device motion data, and mobile network data.
---
• To enable, track and share the progress of rides or deliveries
---
DATA COLLECTION AND USAGE
The following data is shared from Breadfast's main application and website to the Breadfast
Picker app to facilitate the delivery service:

• Data provided by users. This includes: name, email, phone number, address,
payment method chosen for a specific transaction.
• Data created during usage of the service by the Picker. This includes location data
(Breadfast collects this data when the Picker app is running in the foreground (app
open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen) of the Picker's
mobile device.
• Location data (Pickers and delivery recipients). We collect precise or approximate
location data from pickers mobile devices if they enable us to do so. Breadfast
collects this data from the time a ride or delivery is requested until it is finished,
and any time the app is running in the foreground of their mobile device. We use
this data to enhance the use of the Breadfast service, so our users can track the
progress of their delivery in real time, improve the pick up and drop off process and
detect possible fraud.
• Transaction information: We collect transaction information related to the use of
our services during the drop off, including the type of services requested or
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
DATA SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Breadfast may share the data we collect via the Picker app:

• With business partners (retailers, service providers), this includes sharing: Riders'
first name, pickup and/or dropoff locations
• Delivery recipients' first name, delivery address, and order information with their
delivery person and business partner.
• We also provide riders and delivery recipients with receipts containing information
such as a breakdown of amounts charged, driver or delivery person first name,
route map, and such other information required on invoices in the country or region
where the picker operates.
---
11. THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
If you authorize one or more third-party applications to access your Breadfast Services, the
information you have provided to Breadfast may be shared with those third parties. A
connection you authorize or enable between your Breadfast account and a non-Breadfast
account, payment instrument, or platform is considered an “account connection.” Unless you
provide further permissions, Breadfast will not authorize these third parties to use this
information for any purpose other than to facilitate your transactions using Breadfast
Services. Please note that third parties you interact with may have their own privacy policies,
and Breadfast is not responsible for their operations or their use of data they collect.
Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as contact details,
financial information, or location data, is governed by their privacy practices and Breadfast is
not responsible for unauthorized third-party conduct. We encourage you to learn about the
privacy practices of those third parties.
---
Information that we share with a third party based on an account connection will be used and
disclosed in accordance with the third party's privacy practices. Please review the privacy
notice of any third party that will gain access to your personal information. Breadfast is not
responsible for such third party conduct.
---
12. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
To facilitate our global operations, Breadfast may transfer, store, and process your personal
information within our Affiliates, third-party partners, and service providers based throughout
the world. We will protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy
wherever it is processed and will take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect the
relevant personal information in accordance with applicable laws. We contractually obligate
recipients of your personal information to agree to at least the same level of privacy
safeguards as required under applicable data protection laws. By communicating
electronically with Breadfast, you acknowledge and agree to your personal information being
processed in this way.
---
• Access and portability. You may request that we provide you a copy of your personal
information held by us. This information will be provided without undue delay
subject to a potential fee associated with gathering of the information (as permitted
by law), unless such provision adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others.
In certain circumstances, you may request to receive your personal information in a
structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer
your personal information directly to another data controller.
---
• Erasure. You may request to erase your personal information, subject to applicable
law. If you close your Breadfast Account, we will mark your account in our database
as "Closed,” but will keep certain account information, including your request to
erase, in our database for a period of time as described above. This is necessary to
deter fraud, by ensuring that persons who try to commit fraud will not be able to
avoid detection simply by closing their account and opening a new account, and to
comply with Breadfast's legal obligations. However, if you close your account, your
personal information will not be used by us for any further purposes, nor shared
with third parties, except as necessary to prevent fraud and assist law enforcement,
as required by law, or in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
---
• Restriction of processing. In some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the
right to restrict or object to us processing or transferring your personal information
under certain circumstances. We may continue to process your personal
information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other
exceptions permitted by applicable law.