• Financial Data includes payment card details. We store only very
limited, if any, Financial Data. Otherwise, all Financial Data is stored by
our payment processor, and you are encouraged to review its privacy
policy and contact it directly for responses to your questions.

---
You also may provide information to be published or displayed ("posted") on
public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or
nonparties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are
posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you might be
able to set certain privacy settings for that information by logging into your
account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or
impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the
Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will
not be viewed by unauthorized persons.

---
NONPARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Our Website uses Google Remarketing, a service of Google LLC, to advertise on
nonparty websites to you after you visit our Website. We and Google use
cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our
Website. Cookies and similar technologies are also used to perform the analysis
of website usage as a basis for creating interest-based advertisements. The data
arising in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in the US for
evaluation and stored there. If you use a Google Account, depending on the
settings in your Google Account, Google may link your Google web and app
browsing history to your Google Account and use information from your Google
Account to personalize ads. If you don't want this association with your Google
Account, you'll need to log out of Google before you can access our contact
page.

---
We do not control these nonparties' tracking technologies or how they might
be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted
content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information
about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many
providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

---
• To facilitate account creation and logon process if you choose to register
or log in to our Website using your third-party account.

---
• To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas.

---
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that
does not identify any individual, without restriction.

---
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as
described in this privacy policy:
• To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
•
•
•
•
To contractors, service providers, and other nonparties we use to
support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to
keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes
for which we disclose it to them. For example, we use Google Analytics
to help us understand how our users use our Website (you can read
more about how Google uses your personal information here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy).
To a buyer or other successor if a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the
Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy,
liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by
the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us
an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of our Website, we
will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the
recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information.
•
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
•
•
•
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including
responding to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including
for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights,
property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
The categories of personal information we may disclose include:
•
Identity Data;
•
Contact Data;
•
Financial Data;
•
Transactional Data;

---
•
Technical Data;
•
Device Data; and
•
Profile Data.

---
CONSENT TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
TRANSFER
We are based in the United States of America. We may process, store, and
transfer the personal information we collect, in and to a country outside your
own, with different privacy laws that might or might not be as comprehensive
as your own.
By submitting your personal information or engaging with our Website, you
hereby consent to this transfer, storing, or processing, including transferring
your information across international boundaries to jurisdictions anywhere in
the world as permitted by law.
If you are a Canadian resident or otherwise located in Canada, please note that
personal information transfers outside of Canada might result in your
information becoming accessible to foreign jurisdiction's law enforcement or
other authorities.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, or the
United Kingdom (UK), please note that your information will be transferred
outside of those areas, including to the United States. Nevertheless, whenever
we transfer your personal information out of the EEA, Switzerland, or UK, we will
use reasonable efforts to ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it
by ensuring that the recipient nonparty agrees to contractual clauses or other
appropriate safeguards.

---
You can opt out of Google Analytics for Displaying Advertising and customize
the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page at
http://www.google.com/settings/ads. Google also recommends installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your web browser, which is
available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Google Analytics Opt-
out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from
being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on
Google's privacy practices, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy.

---
• Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a
legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something
about your particular situation that makes you want to object to
processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental
rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are
processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some
cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate
grounds to process your information that override your rights and
freedoms.

---
• Request the transfer of your personal data to you or a third party. We
will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data
in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that
this right only applies to automated information that you initially
provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to
perform a contract with you.

---
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your
identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of
your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not
disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you
to ask you for further information regarding your request to speed up our
response.

---
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we
have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain
parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful
about giving out information in public areas of the Website like chat rooms. The
information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.

---
• To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and
product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including
targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via
email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).

---
• To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable
law, court order, or governmental regulations.

---
• To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our
assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation,
or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about
our Website users is among the assets transferred.

---
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business
purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we
enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both
keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose
except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third
parties:
•
Service providers.
•
Internet cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics.

---
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding 12 months, Company has disclosed the following categories of
personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following
categories of third parties:
•
Service providers.
•
Internet cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics.

---
• The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal
information.

---
• If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose,
two separate lists disclosing:
• sales, identifying the personal information categories that each
category of recipient purchased; and
Ο
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal
information categories that each category of recipient obtained.

---
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information
that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we
receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access,
Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service
providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an
exception applies.

---
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for
us or our service providers to:

---
OTHER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of
our Website that are California residents to request certain information
regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes. To make that request, please send an email to
privacy@chatspin.com.