4. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but we may share your information obtained via tools like cookies, log
files, and device identifiers with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Website.
We do not control or influence these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
---
Please note that we use Google Analytics to analyze certain information about your device and your user activity. Google Analytics
is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses data collected to track and
monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to
contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
---
You can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics via installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on
prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
---
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
---
Our Website may contain links to third-party websites/ services. You may visit the Website following the link from a third-party
site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our
Website, including the information or content contained within them.
---
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed, for example:
as required by law;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
- if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on
our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding
your personal information;
with our partners. In some cases, we may share your personal information with our subcontractors or providers of various
products/ services for our benefit.
---
5. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the cross-border area and provide our Website to Users around the world.
If you are located in the European Union, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a
country and jurisdiction that may not have the same data protection laws as in your home jurisdiction. We try to make sure that the
recipient of any personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current
legislation on the protection of such information.
In order to make a data transfer more secure we use encryption to protect the privacy of your data in transit.
By using the Website, you agree that we may transfer your personal data to any third country, a territory or one or more specific
sectors within that third country, or to the international organization.
---
6. HOW DO WE STORE YOUR DATA
We cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our security and reliability check.
In particular, we recourse to the services of the Advanced Hosting that has adopted technical and organizational measures to
protect your personal data against unauthorized/ unlawful processing and accidental loss, destruction or other damage.
To learn more about security standards of Advanced Hosting please consult its Privacy policy.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
US regional patterns:
Residents of the State of California (USA) have the right to request a list of all third parties to whom our Website disclosed certain
personal information (in accordance with the laws of the State of California) in the previous year for the purposes of direct
marketing of such third parties. If you are a resident of the State of California and want to receive such a list, please contact us
through the email displayed below. When submitting such a request, please include in the text of your appeal the wording "Your
rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California", as well as your name, address, city, state, and zip code. In the text of
your request, please provide us with sufficient information so that we can determine if the above requirements of the law apply to
your situation. You must confirm that you are a resident of the State of California (USA) and provide the current address in the
state of California for our response. Please note that we do not accept calls by phone, mail or facsimile, nor are we responsible for
calls that are flagged or misdelivered or that do not contain exhaustive information.