When we operate the Services, we may share your data with the partners we work with. Some
of the partners are data controllers independently of us and they can determine how and why
they process your data.
---
If you choose to connect a third party account (for example a Facebook account) with our
Services, we receive information from the third-party account provider (for example if you
decide to sign up to our Service with Facebook login, we receive from Facebook your
name, email address or other identifier to enable cross-device gameplay, profile picture,
and friends information to connect you with your friends who already use our Services),
---
We also receive personal information from our analytics and advertising partners, such as
information about your interactions with our ads outside our Services (for example on
third party websites), including information on how you were referred to our Services,
---
If you are shown ads in our Services, we receive personal information from our advertising
partners, such as information about how you interact with those ads (for example, the
number of times you click, view or engage with an ad, as well as your device platform and
country of location),
---
If you make purchases in our Services, we receive data relating to the transactions from
the third-party payment service providers involved in those transactions to validate those
purchases.
---
Providing data to us is not mandatory, but we are unable to provide the Services, or some parts
or features of the Services, without processing your data. If you use our Services, we will collect
data relating to you for some or all of the purposes described in this notice, depending on the
Services you decide to use and your choices when using them. You have a number of options
to control the extent to which we process your data, such as whether or not to connect your
third party accounts to our Services, resetting or limiting the use of your advertising IDs in your
device settings, or disable the use of cookies in our cookie banner and/or your browser
settings, or opt-out of the sharing of your personal data for the purposes of personalized
advertising in the privacy settings of our Services.
---
To make sure that we reach interested audiences.
Based on our legitimate interest to promote our Services, to make sure we reach relevant,
interested audiences, and, where applicable, to fund our Services so that we can offer them
free of charge, we process necessary data to
• provide you with our offers in the Services, in other websites and services, and by email,
•
•
send you communications about our events, or other news related to our Services and
operations,
• keep track on installations of our applications (including the source of each install),
serve, target, deliver, measure and improve our advertising and the Services (including
our advertising outside of our Services),
• request our advertising partners to show personalized ads outside our Services,
•
show ads to you in our Services from our advertising partners, including both contextual
and personalized ads,
• allow our advertising partners to personalize the ads you see in our Services to make
them more relevant to you.
---
Advertising.
We may show ads in our Services to enable you to access content in our Services free of
charge. In order to show you ads in our Services, we may integrate SDKs into our Services
provided by third-party ad partners. These third-party ad partners may show contextual or
personalized ads based on your privacy preferences and whether you have opted-out of
receiving personalized ads in the Service's privacy settings. Please see a list of our third-party
partners by clicking here for more information.
Where you have not opted-out of receiving personalized advertising, these third-party SDKs
may collect your IP address, device ID, performance data, advertising data, non-user-related
crash logs, data relating to how you interact with our Service, and other statistical and technical
information in order to serve ads relevant to you.
Where you have opted-out of personalized advertising, these third-party SDKs may collect
non-personal, contextual data including geolocation data, query terms and content on the
Service. They may also collect your advertising ID solely for the purposes of frequency
capping, aggregated ad reporting and combating fraud and abuse. Our ad partners may use
your information for a number of purposes, including but not limited to, to personalize the ads
that you see to make sure they are relevant to your own interests, diagnose problems and
improve the SDK, understand the effectiveness of existing product features and plan new
features, measure and improve the performance of ads as well as the effectiveness of the
Service's features, as well as for analytical purposes.
---
4. WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Instead of doing absolutely everything on our own, we need help from others. We have
partners that provide services and data processing for us for the purposes described in
this notice. We share your data with the following types of recipients:
Social Features. We have social features in our Services, which means that other users may, for
example, see your profile data and your leaderboard position or other activities in the Services,
and read or comments or questions you post in our forums.
Yousician Companies. Other companies belonging to the Yousician group of companies, for
example to help us to develop or operate our Services
Partners working for us. Persons or companies outside of the Yousician group that process
personal data on our behalf and according to our instructions and control. These Yousician
processor partners include for example providers of hosting services, payment processors that
actually deal with billing, banks and credit card companies on behalf of us, analytics services
that enable us to gain insight into how we should improve our Services, user support and other
services that help us to operate and develop our Services.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Advertising and social media. Partners who use advertising identifiers, cookies, Application
Programming Interfaces, and/or SDKs in our Service to enable them to collect and analyze user
and device related data and information. Such partners may be for example, our advertising
partners or partners providing social media tools allowing sharing of content from our Services.
These partners collect and process personal data separately from us under their own privacy
policies. We encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data
collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies. The opt-
out instructions for these Partners' services are also included in their privacy policies. For any
details on the processing of personal data by our advertising and social media partners, please
check here for more information. For specific information on how Google uses your personal
data, check Google's Business Data Responsibility Site.
Public authorities and other entities.
• competent law enforcement bodies or courts of law where we find it necessary as a
matter of applicable law or regulation,
• potential or actual buyers or their advisors in connection with a planned or actual
corporate acquisition or other business restructuring or a similar arrangement,
• to any person or entity where we find disclosure necessary to combat fraud or illegal
activity, or to exercise or defend our legal rights or to protect your vital interests or those
of any other person.
---
5. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature, and your data can therefore be transferred to and processed in
countries outside of the European Union (“EU”) and the European Economic Area (“EEA"). For
example, our subsidiaries and some of the servers we use to host our Services are located in
the USA. We also use partners that are located outside the EU to provide services for us. Since
these countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps
to ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect your personal data. These
safeguards may include having standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission
or other lawful safeguards in place. For more details as regards our international advertising
and social media partners, please check here for more information.
---
We retain your data as long as your user account is active or as needed to provide the Services.
You may end this relationship by deleting your account. We will then delete all your personal
data from our own and our partners' systems, including backups within 30 days, unless there is
a legitimate business interest to retain the data, such as to comply with our legal obligations, to
enforce our agreements or to resolve disputes. We also periodically review and delete or de-
identify inactive user accounts that have been inactive for five years or other data.
---
Our Yousician app provides the possibility to control some of the social features of the app and
what data you share with others. You can modify your preferences in the settings under the
privacy tab of the app.
---
Where applicable, you may also opt-out from receiving personalized ads through the options
provided in the Service's privacy settings. When you decide to opt-out of receiving
personalized ads, you may still be served ads in the Service by our ad partners, however, these
ads will be based on contextual data and may be less relevant to you. For more information on
what ad partners we use and how they use your information, please click here for more
information.
---
10. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are small files stored on a user's computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as
smartphones) when an online service has been used. We and our partners use cookies and
similar technologies to provide the Services and personalize it for you, to run analytics and
target advertisements. Some of the cookies used in the Service are "first party" cookies, i.e.
from the website itself, and others are third party (partner) cookies that belong to the
advertising, analytics entities or social networks.
---
11. NOTE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, please note that under the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018, as may be amended from time to time, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of
2020 (collectively, the “California Privacy Laws"), you are entitled to receive specific information
on how we process your personal information. You also have specific rights to your personal
information, including the right to direct us to not sell or share your personal information. Please
review our Supplementary Privacy Notice for California Residents to familiarize yourself with
your rights under the California Privacy Laws.