This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when
you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Shenzhen
Liangwu Youxi Inc. is created with the help of the Free Privacy Policy Generator.
---
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on - computers
located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data
protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside China and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer
the data, including Personal Data, to China and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents y
agreement to that transfer.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is
treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will
take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the
security of your data and other personal information.
---
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to:
•
To comply with a legal obligation
•
•
To protect and defend the rights or property of Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
• To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
•
To protect against legal liability
---
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to
provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how
our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are
obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
---
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device
advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google
Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
---
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link,
you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every
site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of
any third party sites or services.