1. Scope of Policy
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust
with the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating
transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
This Policy only applies to Cloudflare's collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in
connection with the use of the Cloudflare Application(s). This Policy does not apply to Cloudflare's
collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Application when the Application is
used as part of a Cloudflare Zero Trust account, as described in more detail in Section 3.

---

We promise to keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your
personal information to anyone. We will not share or otherwise disclose your personal information
except as necessary to provide our services or as otherwise described in this Application Privacy Policy
without first providing you with notice and the opportunity to consent.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

3. Cloudflare Zero Trust
The Application may be used as part of the Cloudflare Zero Trust offerings to which you or your
organization may subscribe. You understand that when your device is in Cloudflare Zero Trust mode,
information we collect about your use of the Application and your Internet activity will be associated
with your Cloudflare Zero Trust identity (e.g., work email address), and Cloudflare will process your
personal data on behalf of the Cloudflare Zero Trust organization that you have associated with your
account. All information provided by you or resulting from your use of the Application as part of
Cloudflare Zero Trust services to which you or your organization subscribe is collected, used,
maintained, shared, and destroyed in accordance with the Cloudflare Privacy Policy, available here, and
this Application Privacy Policy will no longer apply.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Section 2 to operate and improve the Application, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an
issue arises. We may also use the information we collect to comply with legal obligations as well as to
investigate and prevent violations of the Application Terms of Service. We will not combine the
information collected from DNS queries with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that
can be used to identify individual end users. Learn more.

---

6. Information Sharing
We work with other companies who help us run our business (“Service Providers"). These companies
provide services to help us operate and improve the Application, including assisting with debugging
and crash analytics. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our
instructions and in compliance both with this Application Privacy Policy, Cloudflare's Privacy Policy and
other applicable confidentiality and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with
them, or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for
any other purpose than to perform the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we may also share your information
with others in the following circumstances:
• Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Application Privacy Policy as the
Cloudflare entities listed at the end of this policy);
• When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or
legal process; or in the case of an emergency to protect any person from the danger of death or
serious physical injury; or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
(Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests here);
• In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
• Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical
safety of any person, or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or as you may
otherwise consent from time to time.
Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 Public DNS Resolver here.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We do not sell, rent, or share personal information with third parties as defined under the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (California Civil Code Sec. 1798.100 et seq.), nor do we sell, rent, or
share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, including as defined
under California Civil Code Sec. 1798.83.

---

8. International Information Transfers
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States
and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such
information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has
operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another
Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will
implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is
exported. We describe the safeguards we implement here. If you have any questions about or need
further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal
information, please contact us at privacyquestions@cloudflare.com.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the
United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF),
the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard
contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United
States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA,
Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare's compliance with the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive
under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to
lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements.

---

Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and
subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Cloudflare shall remain liable
under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with
the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the
damage.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

13. Business Transactions
We may assign or transfer this Application Privacy Policy, as well as information covered by this
Application Privacy Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or
part of our business.