This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose, share,
transfer and retain the information you provide to us when you use our app.

---

III. How We Entrust the Processing, Share, Transfer and Public Disclosure of Your Personal Information

---

VII Transfer of Personal Data between Countries

---

1. Device Sharing
When you use the device sharing feature to share your device with a friend, we may collect your friend's Dreamehome
account information and information about the device you are sharing. Please note that when you use the device sharing
feature, the shared user may also view your device information in their app interface at any time. To protect the security
of your personal information, some personal information involved in certain devices may not be shared, depending on
the device you are sharing.

---

III. How We Entrust the Processing, Share, Transfer and Public Disclosure
of Your Personal Information

---

(i) Entrusted Processing
Generally, Dreame may entrust other companies to process your personal information on our behalf, such as companies
that may contact you, send emails to you, or provide you with technical support on our behalf. They may only use your
personal information to provide services for you on our behalf. When entrusting a third party with the processing of your
personal information, we promise to comply with the following requirements:
1. The entrusted analysis shall not exceed the scope you authorized, unless your consent is not required.

---

2. Assessment on the data security capability of the entrusted processing party shall be performed in advance, to ensure
that it has the capability required by laws and regulations.
3. Contracts will be concluded with the entrusted processing party to define its responsibilities and obligations, ensuring
that it complies with the provisions of applicable laws and is required to meet our obligations to you without falling
below our standards.
4. The entrusted processing of personal information will be accurately recorded and maintained to ensure the security of
your information and our effective access and control of your personal information entrusted for processing.
5. Upon termination of the entrusted relationship, or if your personal information is deleted or anonymized by us in
accordance with this Policy, we will request the entrusted party to delete your personal information and destroy all copies
of the data.

---

(ii) Sharing
Generally, we will not share your personal information with the public, except in the following cases:
1. After obtaining your explicit consent, Dreame will share the information within the scope of your authorization with
the third party you designated, including, at your request, sharing the home environment map, house feature information,
and device information you provided to us with your friends and relatives, to help them quickly use this software and the
services through their terminal devices.
2. Some content in our products and services is provided by third party service providers. For example, IT services,
customer support services, email services, and other similar services. Therefore, we need to provide them with some of
your personal information, so that they can provide services to us. Some of the data sharing with third parties will be
done through application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs). Third party SDKs may
vary from version to version, but generally include the categories of third party account login, sharing, third party
payment, vendor message push, and statistics. We will conduct strict security testing on the third party SDKs and specify
data protection measures. Before entering the third party page for the first time, please carefully read the relevant
agreement and privacy statement shown by the third party service provider.
If your personal information is shared with these third parties, we will guarantee the security of your information by
encryption and other means. We will conduct a reasonable review of the data security environments of companies and
organizations which we share personal information with, and sign strict data processing agreements with them to require
the third parties to take adequate protection measures for your information and strictly comply with relevant laws,
regulations and regulatory requirements.
3. In the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposal of all or part of our
business, assets or stock (including but not limited to the above cases in connection with any bankruptcy or similar
proceeding), your personal information will be disclosed to our affiliates or other third parties. In such cases, you will
receive explicit notification regarding ownership changes, incompatibility with new ways of using personal information,
and selection of personal information via email and/or our website.
4. We will, as we deem necessary or appropriate: (a) comply with applicable laws and regulations; (b) comply with legal
procedures; (c) respond to requests from public agencies and governmental authorities, including those outside the
country/region in which you live; (d) fulfill our terms and conditions; (e) protect our operations, business and systems;
(f) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property and/or that of other users, including you; and (g) seek available remedies
for or limit damage compensation that we may be required to cover.
5. Your personal information is disclosed to our subsidiaries or affiliates for the purpose of conducting business activities
on a regular basis.

---

(iii) Transfer
Transfer means that we lose control of your personal information and the transferee gains control of your personal
information. In principle, we will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual. If it
is necessary to transfer your personal information, we will do so in accordance with applicable laws and inform you of
the purpose of the transfer, the personal information involved, and the information of the transferee.
Information transfer may occur in the following cases:

---

1. Transfer with explicit consent: We may transfer your personal information to other parties after obtaining your explicit
consent.
2. In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy and liquidation involving the transfer of personal information, we
will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this
statement; otherwise, we will require them to seek your authorized consent again.

---

(iv) Public Disclosure
In principle, we will not disclose your personal information to the public. If public disclosure is required, we will inform
you in advance of the purpose of this public disclosure, the type of information to be disclosed, and the possible content
of sensitive personal information, obtain your explicit consent, and perform the relevant obligations in accordance with
applicable law.
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
1. Your explicit consent has been obtained.
2. The disclosure is based on law: We may publicly disclose your personal information in compliance with the law or on
the basis of legal procedures, litigation, or the mandatory requirements of governmental authorities.

---

(v) Information That Does Not Require Consent
We may share aggregated anonymous information with third parties (such as advertisers on our website) for commercial
purposes. We may also share with them the general usage trends of our services, such as the number of customers among
particular groups of people who purchase certain products or engage in certain transactions.
For the avoidance of doubt, Dreame may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent in
circumstances and to the extent expressly permitted by local data protection laws (e.g., to comply with a subpoena). We
may disclose your information without your consent in the good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect
our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to government requirements.

---

We guarantee that employees and third party service providers who access this information
to help provide products and services to you have strict contractual confidentiality obligations; otherwise, they will be
subject to disciplinary action or termination of cooperation. In summary, we will regularly review information collection,
retention and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent any unauthorized access and use.

---

(vi) Withdrawal of Consent
You can submit a request to withdraw your consent concerning the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal
information held or controlled by us. According to the specific services you use, you can withdraw your consent directly
in the Dreamehome app or contact us to carry out the relevant operations. We will process your request within a
reasonable time frame after you make it, and will no longer collect, use and/or disclose your personal information
thereafter in accordance with your request.

---

VII. Transfer of Personal Data between Countries
To the extent that we may need to transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction, whether to our affiliated
companies (which are in the communications, social media, information technology, and cloud businesses) or Third
Party Service Providers, we shall do so in accordance with the applicable laws. In particular, we will ensure that all
transfers will be in accordance with requirements under your applicable local data protection laws by putting in place
appropriate safeguards. You will have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards taken by Dreame for this
transfer of your personal information