a. Cookies
To improve the responsiveness of the "Services" for our users, we may use "cookies" (a small text file
that may be used, for example, to collect your information about website/ mobile application activity.
Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a
user) or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as
a User Identification ("User ID") to understand the user's individual interests using the identified
computer. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser(s) (if you click on their
ads), a process that we do not control. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you
interact with us via website(s), application(s) or Services through your computer/laptop/notebook/
mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device or any other electronic device capable of connecting to the internet.

---
We may use cookies to personalize content and advertisements, to provide social media features and to
analyze our traffic. We may also share information about your use of our Services with our social media,
advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to
them or that they've collected from your use of their services.

---
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters or with any other communication
channel, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on
the Services, we may collect and store such information.

---
d. Information obtained from other Sources
We may receive information about you from other online sources. We may add it to our account
information system and treat it in accordance with this policy. If you provide information to the platform
provider or other partner to whom we provide services, your account information including, but not
limited to, your name, email ID and mobile number may be passed on to us. We may obtain updated
contact information(s) from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfill the Services or to
communicate with you or share the information with any third party.

---
If you link or connect to Services with a third party service such as Google or other similar services, they
may send us information such as your registered e-mail id, other relevant contact details and public
profile information from the service as stated above.

---
II. Processing of Personal Information
We will only collect and process Personal Information about you where we have a lawful basis. Lawful
basis on which we would process your Personal Information includes obtaining explicit consent from you
for processing your Personal Information or processing for "legitimate interests” where processing is
necessary by us to provide you with services (For e.g. processing your information by our group
companies/affiliates).

---
■ Our automated systems or any third party vendor system analyze your content to provide you
customized search results, recommendations and specific promotions and offers

---
■ To help advertisers understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our Services,
(however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site)

---
III. Third party services
Third parties provide certain services available on DBCL's behalf. DBCL may provide information,
including Personal Information that DBCL collects on the Services to third-party service providers to
help us deliver programs, products, information, and services. Service providers are also an important
means by which DBCL maintains its Services and mailing lists. DBCL will take reasonable steps to
ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on DBCL's
behalf.
DBCL does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not
bound to act on DBCL's behalf unless such transfer is required for legal purposes or for providing
relevant services. Similarly, it is against DBCL's' policy to sell Personal Information collected online
without consent.
When you are in a relationship with DBCL, your Personal Information may be transferred to European
Economic Area (EEA) or outside EEA, for the purposes mentioned in this policy or to their local service
providers for support in the pursuance of such purposes. Transfers to EEA or outside EEA are covered
by standard data protection laws.
We may present information to our advertisers to help them understand our audience and confirm the
value of advertising on our Services. It is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various

---
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you utilize our Services. These
companies may use information (such as but not limited to your name, email, photos, media files on your
device, location, audio etc.) about your visits to our Services and other websites/ applications in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. However, we do not store this data
in our environment.

---
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for
example, via our applications like social media login the information we collect is through those third-
party sites linked with our applications is covered by this privacy policy, and the information the third-
party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform's privacy practices). Privacy
choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we
have collected directly through our Services. Please also keep in observance that our Services may
contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy
practices of those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect
your Personal Information. All capitalized terms that have not been specifically defined herein shall have
the same meaning as provided under the Terms of Use. DBCL does not provide any Personal Information
to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with an ad you
are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting
criteria used to display the ad.

---
Billing Information
Based on Your purchase of a subscription package, our payment gateway partners including, but not
limited to, RazorPay Software Private Limited or other partner whom we may appoint for the purpose in
future, may collect information with respect to your payment details including, but not limited to
credit/debit card details or other bank account details, UPI details or wallet details along with your billing
address. This information is stored by our payment gateway partners. For instance, DBCL will be using
third party payment gateway partners to process and facilitate the payment of your subscription fee to
DBCL for providing you access to the subscription. Please note that the DBCL does not directly collect
any financial information including, but not limited to credit/debit card details or other bank account
details, UPI details or wallet details from you. Such payment gateway partners are not controlled by us.
When you visit such payment gateways you do so at your own risk. These payment gateways may have
their own privacy policies in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any such payment
gateways. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for such payment gateways, the content of
such payment gateways and their privacy practices, nor do we endorse them. We encourage you to
familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by such payment gateways prior to providing
them with information about you or entering into any transactions with them.
While transacting with these payment gateways, you may provide your financial information including
without limitation your credit cards / debit cards, netbanking, UPI, wallets or any digital payment
mechanisms or your details pertaining to any payment settlement or pre-paid instrument service
provider. You understand, agree and acknowledge that DBCL never receives your financial and payment
information from these payment gateways. Your Personal Information, sensitive personal data or
information and financial information will be dealt by these payment gateways in accordance with their
respective privacy policies and other terms and conditions and DBCL shall not be liable, accountable or
responsible for Your Personal Information, sensitive personal data and financial information which you
provide to these payment gateways.

---
DBCL does not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other
people or non-affiliated companies except to provide Services you've requested, when we have your
permission, or under the following circumstances:
■ We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with 'DBCL' under
confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your Personal Information to help DBCL
communicate with you about offers from DBCL and our marketing partners. However, these
companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
■ We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process as per the relevant laws of the countries
we operate in, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
■ We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical
safety of any person, violations of Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
■ We may transfer information about you if 'DBCL' is acquired by or merged with another company. In
this event, 'DBCL' will notify you before the information about you is transferred and becomes
subject to a different privacy policy.
■ DBCL works with vendors, partners, advertisers, and other service providers in different industries
and categories of business.

---
Information you have shared with others (e.g., reviews, forum postings) may continue to be publicly
visible on the Services, even after your account is canceled. However, attribution of such
information to you will be removed. Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records)
may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.

---
XIII. Disclaimer
DBCL shall not be liable for any loss or damage sustained by reason of any disclosure (inadvertent or
otherwise) of any information concerning the user's account and / or information relating to or regarding
online transactions using credit cards / debit cards, netbanking, UPI, wallets or any digital payment
mechanisms and/or their verification process and particulars nor for any error, omission or inaccuracy
with respect to any information so disclosed and used whether or not in pursuance of a legal process or
otherwise.