III.How We Collect Your Information
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you. We collect information directly from you when you use the customer services
on the Platforms.
We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like Google Analytics, browser cookies and web
beacons (see below for details) for collecting information about your usage of our Platforms.
---
V.Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you use our Services, certain information may be stored locally on your mobile device using "cookies" or similar
technologies such as Google Analytics and web beacons.
---
2.Google Analytics.
Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). We use Google Analytics to collect
anonymized statistics in order to improve the Site. You may refer to http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners to
find out more about how Google uses data when you use our website and how to control the information sent to Google.
---
VI.Storage and Retention of Your Information
1. Storage of Your Information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination inside or outside of your
country, for the purposes as described in the Policy. By submitting your information, you agree to this transfer, storing
or processing. We will take reasonable steps to secure your information and treat it in accordance with the Policy and
applicable laws.
---
VII. How We Share Your Information
We never sell any personal information to third parties, although it may be shared only when necessary to perform a
legitimate business function.
We may share your necessary personal information data to third-party service providers to help us deliver and improve
Services, marketing, push/deliver notification bar message, and to help you to share content to third-parties media
website, and other legitimate business functions. We will confirm on what basis each third-party will use your personal
information and we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards and processes in place to protect your personal data.
• Analyze the partners in the service category and the advertising category. To maintain / improve our products / services
and provide you with better content, partner SDK s or other applications are embedded in the software and the relevant
SDK acquire your unique device ID (AndroidID) to analyze your use of our services, demonstrating advertising,
measuring the effectiveness of advertising and services.
•Third-party channel login and sharing partners. To enable you to log in with a third-party account and share information
(such as video) on third-party platforms, the partner SDK s or other similar applications are embedded in the software,
and the relevant SDK gets your unique device identity (AndroidID).
•Information push partners. In order to provide you with the information push function, the partner's SDK or other similar
applications will be embedded in the software, and the relevant SDK retrieves your unique device ID (AndroidID) and a
list of running applications.
We will disclose or transfer your Information, only if required to do so by law, or we have acquired consent from you, or
in the good faith belief that any such action is necessary to: (a) comply with any legal requirements or comply with the
legal process served on us or the Platforms; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of us; and (c) act under exigent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users, or the general public.
We will not share, transfer or disclose your personal information in way of violating this Policy or applicable laws. In the
event of a transfer of information that may result from a possible merger, division, acquisition, asset sale, or bankruptcy
liquidation by us, we will require the successor to protect your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations
and standards not lower than those set forth in this Policy.
---
•transfer your information to a third party provider of services
---
•Where processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract
with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a
structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another
company, where technically feasible (data portability);
---
We collect, use, store and share your personal information in the same way as described in the main body of this Privacy
Policy.
---
Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
•the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you and the categories of personal
information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the personal information about you;