This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use,
and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices,
we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will
let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
---
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share
it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are
legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in
advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
---
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a
contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription
payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work
with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their
business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the
European Economic Area ("EEA") and in the United Kingdom ("UK") call
these reasons "legitimate interests." These "legitimate interests" include:
• preventing risk and fraud
• answering questions or providing other types of support
• helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
• providing and improving our products and services
• providing reporting and analytics
• testing out features or additional services
• assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
---
We only process personal information for these "legitimate interests"
after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any
risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear
transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your
personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep,
limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information
to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use
to protect your information.
---
We may also process your personal information where you have provided
your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal
basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third
party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it
already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for
your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing
activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by
changing your communication choices, opting out from our
communications or by contacting us.
---
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or
visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to
understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and
legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
---
Where Shopify acts as processor or service provider of your personal
data on behalf of Shopify merchants, you need to directly contact the
merchant you interacted with. For more information about how merchants
collect and use your data when you visit and make purchases in their
stores, review the specific Merchant's terms and privacy policy. In some
cases, we may offer tools and assistance to merchants to help fulfill these
requests.
---
If you are a merchant, customer, partner, Shop user, website visitor or
other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with or for whom
Shopify processes your Personal Data as a Data Controller, please submit
your data subject request through the privacy portal. We may require you
to provide additional documentation to verify your identity and may use
third parties to assist us with this process. Further information about
rights available to US residents can be found below under the header
"United States Regional Privacy Notice".
---
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about
individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your
personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including
to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries
where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we
send your information across borders.
---
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or
visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
---
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal
information is received by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your
information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service
providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where
we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal
information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in
accordance with applicable law.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal
information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the
European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If
we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example,
when we send this information to our Subprocessors), this information is
protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those
provided in the Standard Contractual Clauses.
---
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at
times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for
example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we
respond to such orders, please review our Guidelines for Legal Requests.
---
How we use "cookies" and other tracking
technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies on our website and
when providing our services. For more information about how we use
these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies
on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant's
store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of
cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
---
If you are located in Canada or the United States, your personal
information is received by:
Shopify Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
151 O'Connor Street
Ground Floor
Ottawa
Ontario
K2P 2L8
Canada
---
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or
Africa, your personal information is received by:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
---
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand, your personal
information is received by:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice ("US Notice") supplements
our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com (together, the "Shopify Privacy Policies").
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is
designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose
your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and
where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various
applicable privacy laws in the US, such as the California Consumer
Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning
Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy
Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the "US
Privacy Laws").
---
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information
about you, including personal information.
We do not "sell" your personal information as that term is defined under
US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have
collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have
disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
---
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION COLLECTED
RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION
• Identifiers, including name, email
address, mailing address, phone
number;
• Personal information categories
listed in the California Customer
Records statute, including name,
mailing and billing address, phone
number, credit or debit card
information;
• Commercial information, including
products you purchase, place in
your shopping cart, favorite or
review (if you are a customer) and
information you provide us about
• Companies who help us
provide you with our
services, including cloud
storage providers, payment
processors, fulfillment
partners, security vendors,
email providers,
marketplaces and data
analytics vendors;
• Advertisers and marketing
vendors;
• Merchants whose shops you
visit or make purchases from;
• Partners who provide a range
of services to merchants,
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
you and your business (if you are
a merchant);
• Photos and videos, which may
include face imagery, if you
choose to provide them.
• Internet or other electronic
network activity information,
including information regarding
the device and browser you use,
network connection, IP address,
and how you browse through our
apps and sites;
• Geolocation data, including your
mailing and billing address;
• Inferences, or information derived
from other personal information
about you, which could include
your preferences, interests, and
other information used to
personalize your experience;
• Other information you provide; and
• Sensitive personal information,
which may include:
• Government-issued
identifiers, including social
security, driver's license, state
identification card, or
passport number;
• Your account access
credentials (such as account
log-in, financial account, debit
or credit card number in
combination with any required
security access code,
password, or credentials
allowing access to an
account);
• Your device's precise location
(if you are a Shop App user,
but only when you allow Shop
to access this information);
• Information you voluntarily
disclose that may reveal
such as by developing apps
or themes for use by
merchants, serving as an
affiliate that refers potential
merchants to us, or helping
merchants build or manage
stores;
• Law enforcement or other
third parties in connection
with legal requests, to comply
with applicable law or to
prevent harm.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
certain characteristics about
you such as your racial or
ethnic origin or sexual
orientation
• The contents of email
messages in the email inboxes
that you connect to your Shop
account, and information from
email messages you transfer
to the app to be included in
your order history (if you use
Shop).
---
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in
the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal
information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information
either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise
permitted by law.
---
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use
personal information provided by:
• Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us
provide you with our services including the following:
• Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your
third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we
receive information to identify shopping-related emails and
display within Shop information about specific orders you have
made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related
information.
• Service Providers. We receive information from our service
providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like
reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
• Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information
about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or
platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through
Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to
personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to
determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment
methods.
• Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud
hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging,
fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to
provide you with our services. For more information, see
Shopify's subprocessors.
• Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through
our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook "like"
button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing
information to help measure how users interact with our website
content. For more information about how we use these
technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
---
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to
certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
• Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the
personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
information about our data practices.
---
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant's Shopify-
powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make
a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.