1. INTRODUCTION
Toonsutra, Inc. (“Toonsutra,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects the privacy of its Users (“User,”
“your,” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use,
disclose, and safeguard your information when you use Toonsutra Platform (the “Platform")
through Toonsutra's website at https://company.toonsutra.com/ (the "Website”) or Toonsutra's
mobile application (the “App”).

---
WE DO NOT GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
EXCEPT TO SUBPROCESSORS TO ASSIST US IN THE PROVISION OF OUR SERVICES
TO YOU.

---
b. Financial Information. We currently do not collect or store any credit cards or bank
information, as we are using a third-party payment processor. However, we will update this
Privacy Policy when we start using and storing such information. We will also inform you
via reasonable means if we start collecting such information from you.

---
a. When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and
services;

---
o. Enable the display of advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.

---
•
Allow trusted third-party services to track information on our behalf.

---
We allow third-party behavioral tracking and links to third-party web pages. These third-party
sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or
liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the
integrity of our Website, App, or Platform and welcome any feedback
at privacy@toonsutra.com .

---
We accept payment by credit card through a third-party
credit card processor on our behalf.

---
8. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
There are times when we may share Personal Information that you have shared with us with
others to enable us to provide you our Services, including contractors, service providers, and
third parties (“Partners”). This section discusses only how Toonsutra may share such
information with Partners. We will ensure that our Partners protect your Personal Information.
The following describes how and with whom we may share your Personal Information:
a. We may disclose aggregated, de-personalized information about you that does not
identify any individual to other parties without restriction, such as for marketing, advertising,
or other uses.
b. We may disclose personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
c. We may disclose personal information to contractors, service providers, and other third
parties.
d. We require all contractors, service providers, and other third parties to whom we disclose
your personal information to be under contractual obligations to keep personal information
confidential and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose them.
e. We may disclose personal information in the event of a merger, sale of business, etc.
f. We may disclose to third parties to market their products and services to you if you have
either consented or not opted out of these disclosures.
g. We require all other Partners, to whom we disclose your personal information, to enter
into contracts with us to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the
purposes for which we disclose it to such Partners.
h. We disclose personal information to fulfill the purpose for which you have provided it, for
instance, if you gave us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of the Platform.
i. We may disclose personal information for any other purpose for which you have provided
it.
j. We may only disclose personal information as described in this Privacy Policy or with your
consent.
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
a. We will disclose personal information (i) to comply with any court order, law, or legal
process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, (ii) to enforce or
apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection
purposes, (iii) if we believe it is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or
safety of Toonsutra, our customers, or others, and/or (iv) if it is necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights, property, or safety of Toonsutra, our customers, or others, and this
includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes
of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third Party Disclosure

---
a. We do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise transfer personal information to others, unless
we provide you with advance notice. This does not include our hosting partners and other
parties who assist us in operating our Website, App, or Platform, conducting our business,
or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
b. We may provide non-personally identifiable visitor information for marketing purposes.

---
9. GOOGLE ADSENSE AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses Cookies to serve advertisements to Users on our
Website, App, and Platform. Google uses first-party Cookies, such as Google Analytics
Cookies, to compile data regarding User interactions with ad impressions and other ad service
functions as they relate to our Platform. We currently use Google Analytics to collect and
process certain Website and App usage data. To learn more about Google Analytics and how
to opt-out, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy/google-partners.
We have implemented advertising features on our Website, App, and Platform including:
(a) remarketing with Google AdSense;
(b) Google Display Network Impression Reporting;
(c) Google Demographics and Interests Reporting;
(d) Google's DoubleClick platform integration.

---
10. FOR OUR EUROPEAN CUSTOMERS AND VISITORS
We are headquartered in the United States. Most of the operations are located in the United
States. Your Personal Information, which you give to us during registration or use of our
Website, App, or Platform, may be accessed by or transferred to us in the United States. If
you are visiting our Website or registering for our Services from outside the United States, be
aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the
United States. Our servers or our third-party hosting services partners are located in the
United States. By using our site, you consent to any transfer of your Personal Information out
of Europe, UK, or Switzerland for processing in the US or other countries.
a. EU Standard Contractual Clauses
On June 4, 2021, the EU promulgated a new set of SCCs (the “New SCCs”), which replaced
the old SCCs that had been in place for over a decade. We now comply with the New SCCs
with respect to the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to the US and other countries for
processing. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy and
your rights under the New SCCs, the terms and conditions in the new SCCs will govern.
b. The New SCCs
The New SCCs took effect on June 27, 2021. The Old SCCs may still be used for new data
transfers in new contracts during a three-month transition period that ends on September 27,
2021. Existing data transfer contracts that rely on the Old SCCs can be used until December
27, 2022, by which time all data transfers relying on the Old SCCs must be transitioned to the
New SCCs. As of now, we and our customers are using the New SCCs to transport Personal
Data from the EU to other countries, including the US, for processing by us.

---
You are the Controller, as defined in the GDPR, and the Exporter, as defined in the New
SCCs, of the Personal Data and we are a processor, as defined in the GDPR, and the
Importer of such Personal Data. You agree to comply with the GDPR rules that apply to
Controllers and the New SCCs rules that apply to Data Exporters. We agree to comply with
the GDPR rules that apply to Processors and the New SCCs rules that apply to Data
Importers.

---
11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Toonsutra does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside third parties your “Personal
Information” as defined under the California Civil Code Section § 1798.82(h). Additionally,
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits Users of our Website, App, or Platform that
are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of their
Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request for
such disclosure, or identification and/or deletion of Personal Information in all our systems that
we store on you, please send an email to privacy@toonsutra.com.

---
Our
Website, App, and Platform do not target children under the age of 13, but we do not age-
screen or otherwise prevent the collection, use, and personal disclosure of persons identified
as under 13.

---
c. monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used;

---
15. LIST OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Toonsutra uses the following third-party service providers for the provision of services as
detailed under Terms of Service:
Name of Third-
Party Service
Provider
Contact Information
Amazon Web
Services Inc.
(North Virginia, US)
Website: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-
center/aws-phone-support/
Address: 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210
Website: www.google.com
Google Cloud
Telephone: (855) 817-0841
Email: support@google.com
Additionally, if you have any questions or concerns about our third-party service providers,
please email us at privacy@toonsutra.com.