• Personalized display
Admob, AppLovin as advertisers of YouCut, may collect information generated during your use of our products and
services, extract your preferences, and use them to show you ads that are more in line with your individual needs. We will
use technical means to anonymize the data, and the anonymized information will not be able to identify the subject. If you
are not interested in personalized display, you can choose to turn off the display of personalized content through
"Settings"-"Ad Personalization". Please note that you may still see ads after turning off this option, but the relevance of ads
will be reduced.

---

4. How We Share, Transfer, and Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
• Share
We promise to keep your personal information confidential. Except for the scenarios stipulated in this policy, we only share
your necessary information with third parties in the following situations:
1) Have obtained your explicit consent or authorization;
2) When it is required to be provided in response to instructions from state agencies, authority, or administrative or judicial
requirements;
3) When achieving the purposes described in the section "How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information";
4) Share with advertising service and technical support partners.
In order to provide you with more complete and high-quality products and services, we may share some of your personal
information with our partners. Please note that we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate,
necessary, specific and clear purposes. At the same time, we require third parties to deal with shared information with
confidentiality and security measures no less than those required by this policy. Once we discover any violation of dealing
with the personal information, we will terminate the partnership immediately and pursue legal responsibility.
Directory of third-party SDKs that may be accessed

Category
Function
Types of information collected
Firebase SDK
Data statistical analysis service
Application software list
https://
Admob Ads SDK
Get and display ads
Unique device identification code
(Android ID)
https://p
AppLovin Ads SDK
Get and display ads
Device location information, unique
device identification code (Android I
D)
https://v
https://s
Giphy SDK
Get Gif picture
Network status, unique device ident
ification code(Android ID)
s/article
ivacy-Pc

---

• Publicly disclose
We only disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1) According to your needs, disclose your designated personal information in a disclosure method that you explicitly agree
to;
2) According to the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement, judicial or regulatory
agencies, where it is necessary to provide your personal information, we may publicly disclose your personal information
based on the type of personal information requested and the method of disclosure.

---

7. To California Residents
Under the applicable California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), you have certain rights with respect to your personal information
collected by us for business purposes. Please note that this section applies only to people who live in California. Your rights include:
1) The right to know about the personal information a business collects about you how it is used and shared;

---

8. Το EU Users
Under the applicable General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), you have certain rights with respect to your personal information
collected by us for business purposes. Please note that this section applies only to people who live in EU. Your rights include:
1) The right to obtain certain information about our processing, including: the purposes of processing the data; the
categories of personal data processed; the recipients who receive your personal data; how long we store your personal data;