• Payment data. This information is necessary to collect
payments for the Services. Our payment processing
partners process basic billing information for payment
processing and refund requests (e.g., date of purchase,
payer's IP address, postal (ZIP) code, credit card owner's
full name and credit card information). We also process
some of such billing information ourselves (e. g., date of
purchase, credit card owner's full name, part of your credit
card number, its expiration date) in cases of recurring
payments or when you provide your payment details
directly to us. In some cases, information about your two
previous transactions, along with your IP address, may
also be used to resolve transaction disputes. This data
helps verify the legitimacy of disputed transactions.

---

•
Information for payment fraud prevention. To prevent
fraudulent payments for the Services, your personal data
(such as payer's email address and device information)
can be verified by our and/or our payment processing
partners fraud management tools. A payment transaction
that is considered high risk may be rejected by us.

---

• Communication optimization data. We use various tools to
help us optimize our emailing campaigns. These tools may
track actions you perform with an email, such as open it or
unsubscribe from further communication. We may also be
able to see the user device's operating system (e.g.,
Windows, Mac, iOS, Android) and country in order to
optimize push and email notifications and automatically
set the language.

---

• Cookies. Cookies, pixels, and other similar technologies
are usually small text or image files that are placed on
your device when you visit our Websites. Some cookies
are essential for our Websites to operate smoothly; others
are used to improve Websites' functionality, analyze
aggregated usage statistics to improve Websites'
performance, and for advertising. We also use affiliate
cookies to identify the customers referred to our Websites
by our partners so that we can grant the referrers their
commission. You can check what cookies we use at our
Cookie policy.

---

•
Information for participating in referral programs.
Participation in referral programs maintained by Nord
requires referrers to submit personal data (e.g., full name,
e-mail address, phone number, relationship with the
referred party) about themselves and a referred party so
that Nord could i) reach out to the referred party; ii)
contact referrers with regards to their participation in
referral programs and/or provision of rewards. It is the
referrer's responsibility to abide by applicable privacy laws
when disclosing third parties' personal data to Nord,
including informing third parties that they are providing
referred parties' personal data to Nord and how it will be
used and processed. Referred parties may unsubscribe
from any future communication at any time. If you believe
that one of your contacts has provided us with your
personal data and you would like it to be removed from
our database, please contact us.

---

•
Information for participating in our promotional games
(e.g., sweepstakes, giveaways, contests). When you
decide to participate in any promotional game that
requires additional personal information, you will be
explicitly requested to provide it. The personal data we
ask you to provide typically includes your full name, e-mail
address, phone number, information about the purchased
subscription plan. However, you have the right to refuse to
provide such information and cease your participation in
the promotional game at any time. In certain cases we
also may share the mentioned data with third parties that
help us to organize/coordinate such promotional games.
Please carefully review the terms and conditions of each
promotional game in which you participate as they may
contain specific additional information about the
processing of your personal data. If the terms and
conditions of such promotional games concerning the
treatment of your personal data conflict with this Privacy
Policy, the terms and conditions of such promotional
games shall prevail.

---

•
We sometimes may process your personal data under the
legal basis of our or third parties' legitimate interest. Such
cases include: i) to properly administer business
communication with you; ii) to detect, prevent, or
otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical
issues with our Services and Websites; iii) to protect
against harm to the rights, property, and safety of Nord,
our users, or third parties; iv) to improve or maintain our
Services and provide new products and features; v) to
receive knowledge of how our Websites and applications
are being used (crash reports, app store reviews,
information about the channel from which our app was
downloaded, etc.).

---
[SECTION: 3. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA]
3. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
SUMMARY: In some cases, we may need to share personal
data with certain third parties, such as trusted service
providers, partners, and other Nord group companies. In all
cases, we make sure to handle your data safely and respect
your privacy — even when it needs to be processed outside
of your country.
We do not share your personal data with third parties except
as described in this Privacy Policy.
Service providers. We use third-party service providers to
help us with various operations, such as payment processing,
email automation, Websites and app diagnostics, analytics,
and other. As a result, some of these service providers may
process personal data.
Some of our main long-term service providers:
•
Live chat and support service platform, e.g., Zendesk
(provided by Zendesk Inc.), Klaus (provided by Qualitista
Οϋ)
• Emailing service providers, e.g., Braze (provided by Braze,
Inc.), Sendgrid (provided by Twilio Inc.)
•
•
Marketing, application analytics and diagnostics, e.g.,
Google Analytics, Firebase Analytics (provided by
Google), AppsFlyer (provided by AppsFlyer Ltd.), Bugsnag
(provided by Bugsnag Inc.)
Conversion attribution system, e.g., Hasoffers (provided
by Tune Inc.)
• Payments processing, e.g., Mollymind AG, NordSec B.V.,
Moonflash Limited, Lagosec, Inc., Nord Security JP Co.,
Ltd, Checkout Ltd
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Nord partners. Sometimes our partners, for example,
distributors, resellers, and app store partners, will be
independent data controllers of your personal data. In such
cases, the procedures established by them (e.g., terms of
service and privacy policies) will apply to such relationships.
In other cases we may collaborate with partners as joint
controllers meaning that we jointly define the purpose and
means of data processing with them. Both joint controllers
are then responsible for the data processing and its
compliance with applicable privacy laws.
We also partner with third parties to display advertising on
our Websites or to manage our advertising on other sites.
These partners help us deliver more relevant ads and
promotional messages to you, which may include behavioral,
contextual, and generic advertising. We and our advertising
partners may process certain personal data to help us
understand your preferences so that we can deliver
advertisements that are more relevant to you.
Your personal data may be processed in any country in which
we engage service providers and partners. When you use our
Services and Websites, you understand and acknowledge
that your personal data may be transferred outside of the
country where you reside.
Bundled subscriptions (Third Party Services acquired
through Nord). By subscribing to the Bundled Subscription
which includes Third Party Services acquired through Nord,
you agree that certain purchase information (e.g., your email
address, Subscription term, payment amount, subscription
ID) will be shared with the respective provider of Third Party
Services for purposes of activating, administering, and
provision of Third Party Services, also for improving your
experience, and communicating with you about the Bundled
Subscription and Third Party Services. When you use Third
Party Services, your personal data is processed by the
provider of Third Party Services (which acts as a separate
data controller of your personal data) according to the
procedures established by it and governed by its privacy
policies.
Other Nord group companies. We share your personal data
with other Nord group companies to carry out our daily
business operations and to enable us to maintain and provide
our Services to you. We may also share the contact
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
information of Nord business customers (i.e., our customers
which use our products as a tool for their business) with Nord
group companies for marketing of their B2B products
purposes (business users have a right to object to such
transfer at any time).
Protection of our rights. We may disclose personal data to
establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against any
legal claims or other complaints. We may also share such
information if we believe it is necessary in order to
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, and violations of our General Terms.
Business transfers. We may share your personal data in
those cases where we sell or negotiate to sell our business or
go through a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation,
asset sale, reorganization, or similar event. In these
situations, Nord will continue to ensure the confidentiality of
your personal data.
Requests for data. Any request for user data should follow an
appropriate official legal process recognized by the laws of
the Republic of Panama (e.g., mutual legal assistance treaty,
letters rogatory). We carefully review each request to make
sure it satisfies laws applicable to our company, laws of
requesting country, international norms, and our internal
policies. However, it is important to note that the laws of the
Republic of Panama do not oblige us to store logs of users'
online activity. Accordingly, we do not log users' browsing
history, traffic information, or IP addresses used to access
the internet via our services. This means that we are not able
to link shared IP addresses of VPN services to an individual
user or otherwise individual users based on data that we do
not process. Therefore, even if we were to receive a rightfully
served request, it might be impossible for us to identify a
specific person or provide any identifying information related
to that person. In cases where, following an appropriate legal
process, we are obligated to comply with a request and we
are able to identify a specific person, we will provide the
limited data we process as per our Privacy Policy given it falls
within the scope of the request. Contact information for
government authorities: nordvpn S.A., address PH F&F
TOWER, 50th Street & 56th Street, Suite #32-D, Floor 32,
Panama City, Republic of Panama, email
inquiries@nordvpn.com.

---
[SECTION: Cross-border transfers of personal data]
Cross-border transfers of personal data
To facilitate our Services and Websites, we may store,
access, and transfer personal data from around the world,
including in countries where Nord has operations. These
locations may not guarantee the same level of protection of
personal data as the one in which you reside. We assess the
circumstances involving all cross-border data transfers and
have suitable safeguards in place to require that your
personal data will remain protected in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. For example, in case your personal data is
transferred to countries outside the EEA, we make sure there
is an adequacy decision from the European Commission with
regards to the recipient country or we use standard
contractual clauses approved by the European Commission
for such transfer of your personal data.

---

• Portability: request us to provide you with a copy of your
personal data in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format or to transmit (if technically
feasible) your personal data to another controller (only

---

If you do not agree with the processing of your personal data
by Nord, please do not use our Services and Websites. You
can request us to discontinue processing your personal data,
in which case your data will be processed only as much as it
is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the
Services (e.g., final settlement or deleting all personal data
based on your email address), or finalizing other Nord's legal
relationship with you (e.g., record keeping, accounting,
processing refunds). Please note that we or our third-party
service providers may be obliged to retain your certain
personal data as required by law.

---

For users in California
If you are a California resident, you can exercise your rights
as provided in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
by contacting us at privacy@nordaccount.com. As per
definitions in the CCPA, please note that Nord does not sell,
share, lease, or rent your personal information.

---
[SECTION: For Users in the Republic of Korea]
For Users in the Republic of Korea
As set out in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy, we share
personal data with service providers and other third parties
that may be located outside the Republic of Korea. For users
in the Republic of Korea, a detailed list of these third parties,
along with additional Korea-specific terms, is provided in the
Korean-specific Privacy Policy, available here.

---

On matters related to the processing of personal data, you
may also contact our representative, VeraSafe, in the EEA
through the following means:

---

If you are located within the United Kingdom, you may also
contact our representative, VeraSafe, specifically for the
United Kingdom, through the following means:

---

Limitation of Liability. To ensure the security of personal
data, Nord employs various technical, physical, and
organizational security measures; however, it is your
responsibility to exercise caution and reason when using the
Services and Websites. You will be personally liable if your
use of the Services and Websites violates any third party
privacy or any other rights or any applicable laws. Under no
circumstances is Nord liable for the consequences of your
unlawful, willful and negligent activities, and any
circumstances that may not have been reasonably controlled
or foreseen (please read the General Terms for more
information).

---

Links to other websites. Our Websites may include links to
other websites (e.g., social media websites) whose privacy
practices may be different from ours. If you access any of
those websites via such links and/or submit your personal
data to any of those websites, your personal data is
processed by the procedures established by them and
governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to
carefully read the privacy policy (or other respective privacy
notice) of any website you visit.