3. How We Share Your Information
4. How We Transfer Your Information

---
At Etsy, we care deeply about privacy. We strive to be transparent about what information we
collect, and how we use, share, and retain it.

---
This policy does not apply to the practices of Etsy Sellers. It also does not apply to any third
parties that you may choose to share information with when you use the Services. Please note
that the collection and use of your information by these third parties is subject to their own privacy
policies and terms. You should understand the privacy and security practices of any third party
before you share information with them.

---
• We share your information with other Etsy group companies, trusted partners, and service
providers to provide our Services, for security purposes, to understand how you use and
interact with our Services, and to meet our legal obligations. To learn more, see Section
3.

---
Buyer Public Profile Information
As a Buyer on Etsy, you can choose to
provide your name and other information in
connection with your account and activity.
Other people will be able to see your profile
information. Your saved product listings that
are grouped by you (“Favorites and
Collections") may also be visible publicly,
depending on your settings. You can edit,
remove, or limit this information through your
account settings.

---
• Linked third-party accounts (e.g.,
social media, "sign-in with")

---
Seller Public Profile Information
As a Seller on Etsy, you must provide certain
information for your shop. You can also
choose to share other information (such as
birthday, gender or location) in connection
with your account and activity. Other people
will be able to see your profile information.
You can edit, remove, or limit this information
through your account settings.

---
• Linked third-party accounts (e.g.,
social, "sign-in with")

---
Information We Receive from Third Parties
We receive certain information about you from third parties.

---
Analytics Information
• We use third-party software to record

---
2. How We Use Your Information and Our Legal Basis
When you access or use the Services or interact with our Sites and/or Apps, we collect, use,
share, and otherwise process your information for the purposes described in this policy. To the
extent required by applicable law, we rely on a number of legal bases to use your information in
these ways. If you reside outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United
Kingdom ("UK") (together referred to as the “European Region”), the legal bases on which we rely
may differ from those listed below.

---
To facilitate buying and selling on Etsy
We use certain information to facilitate buying
and selling on Etsy. This may involve us
sharing some of your information with our
third-party partners, including our delivery
partners and our payment partners, to
enable us and our Sellers to provide the
Services to you pursuant to our Terms of
Use. Such partners will process your
information in accordance with their own
privacy policies. For more information on data
sharing, please see Section 3.

---
To detect and monitor suspicious activity
We process certain information about our
Members to safeguard against fraud, scams,
and security threats, including as part of
onboarding.
This information is collected by us and/or our
fraud vendors who may also share fraud
insights with other companies, including other
online marketplaces.

---
To comply with other legal and regulatory
obligations
Etsy may also use, access, preserve, or
release your information in response to legal
requests, like search warrants, court orders,
production orders, regulatory requests, or
subpoenas. We also may do so to comply
with our legal and regulatory obligations,
including in response to lawful requests by
public authorities (including tax authorities)
and to meet legitimate national security or law
enforcement requirements.
Examples of applicable laws that could give
rise to an obligation requiring us to process
and/or disclose your information include:
Civil, commercial, criminal, consumer
protection, and litigation matters: where
we are in receipt of an order to disclose
information or a regulatory inquiry (e.g.,
under the Irish Competition and Consumer
Protection Act 2014, the Consumer Rights
Act 2022, or the Liability For Defective
Products Act, 1991) or where we have a legal
obligation to disclose data to a law
enforcement body.

---
To display non-personalized advertising on
third-party platforms and sites
We use your information for non-personalized
ads for our Services on third-party platforms
and sites.
For example, we purchase offsite advertising
from a network of participating providers,
such as social networks and search engines.
You may see ads for Etsy on these channels
even if you have opted out of personalized
advertisements.

---
To measure the performance of advertising
on our Sites and Apps and on third-party
platforms and apps
We use your information to measure the
effectiveness of advertising both on our own
Sites and Apps and on third-party platforms
and apps. This includes sharing information
with advertising partners for these purposes.

---
To protect our legal rights
We may also retain, preserve, disclose, or
review your information to protect, establish,
or exercise our legal rights or defend against
impending or asserted legal claims, including
to collect a debt or address a violation of our
Terms of Use and policies.

---
To share information with law enforcement
and respond to legal requests
We may share your information with a third
party, including law enforcement authorities,
even where not compelled by law when we
believe in good faith that such use and/or
disclosure is reasonably necessary to detect,
prevent or prosecute illegal activity or to
prevent imminent death or imminent bodily
harm.

---
The categories of information that we access,
preserve, use and share for these purposes
will depend on the specific circumstances.
To learn more about how and why Etsy
shares information in these circumstances,
see Section 3 and review our Requests for
Information Policy.

---
In the event of a business reorganization
In some cases, Etsy may choose to
reorganize its business. In these types of
transactions (such as a sale, merger,
liquidation, receivership, reorganization, or
transfer of all or substantially all of Etsy's
assets), Member information is typically one
of the business assets that is transferred.

---
To share when Sellers were last active and
average response rate
We may display when Sellers were last active
on the Site or App by visiting their profile. This
status indicator reflects when a Seller last
completed a certain Seller activity.
We also display the average time it takes
Sellers to respond to messages.

---
To share information with our service
providers and business partners
We share certain information with our service
providers and business partners, as detailed
in Section 3.

---
To personalize the ads you see on third-party
platforms and sites

---
We rely on your consent to personalize the
ads you see on third-party platforms and
sites.
This targeted marketing includes third-party
tools, including those offered by Facebook
Custom Audience and Google Customer
Match, and we may use analytics aggregated
from your Service Usage Information
including, for example, search keywords,
favorites, browsing history, and purchase
history in combination with the Information
Categories listed here.

---
To preserve, review, and share information to
perform a task in the public interest
In limited circumstances, we will access,
preserve, and share your information with
regulators, law enforcement or others where
necessary to perform a task in the public
interest. For example, we might share your
information to help combat unlawful or
harmful behavior where it is in the public
interest to do so and where the public interest
is laid down by applicable law (including EU
or Member State law), where required.

---
To preserve, review and share information
with law enforcement and others
We may preserve, review, and share
information with law enforcement and others
in circumstances where someone's vital
interests require protection, such as in the
case of emergencies. For example, we may
need to share information to prevent loss of
life or personal injury of an Etsy Buyer or
Seller or other third party or to prevent crime
or fraud.

---
3. How We Share Your Information
We share your data with third parties where necessary to provide the Services, comply with our
legal obligations, or for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including:
Publicly Displayed Information: By using the Services, certain information about you will be
publicly displayed on the Site and Apps, such as Buyer Public Profile Information and Seller Public
Profile Information (as defined in Section 2). Buyers and Sellers can choose to make certain
information and activities private through their account or Public Profile settings. We will also
display other information connected with your use of the Services, including the date you joined,
information relating to items you review (including the content of the reviews), photos or videos of
items you purchased, your Favorites and Collections, followers, those you follow, comments you
post in our community spaces, and information you decide to share via social networks. Your
reviews of shops or items you've purchased may also be shared on other platforms and indexed
by search engines, including Google.
For certain Sellers, some additional information may be publicly displayed. For example, your
business name, shop location, or business registration number associated with your account
(which you may modify and update in your account settings) may be publicly displayed.

---
Etsy Group Companies: We may share some of the information that we collect, such as Buyer
Account Information, Seller Account Information, Seller Verification Information, Service Usage
Information, Device and Browser Information, and Cookie Information, with our corporate
affiliates, which include Etsy, Inc., Etsy Ireland UC, Etsy Payments Ireland Limited, Etsy Gifting
LLC, Etsy UK, Ltd., other Etsy entities, and Etsy-owned affiliates (including Depop Ltd. ), that help
us conduct business around the world (together, the “Etsy Group Companies”). The information
shared among the Etsy Group Companies may be used for the purposes described in this Privacy
Policy and generally to operate our business, including for ID verification purposes, transaction
monitoring, fraud prevention, payment processing, marketing, the issuing of, and use of, gift cards
as a payment method, legal and regulatory compliance, customer support, business
development, user account administration, and IT, technical, and engineering support.

---
Sellers: We may share aggregated information about your use of the Services to Sellers, for
example, if you are a frequent purchaser or a new Buyer, so they can provide you with better
service and so we can improve our Site and Apps. To improve the shopping experience, we may
collect and display certain Seller information, including when and how they interact and use the
Services, in order to, for example, display when Sellers were last active, or to show average Seller
response times.

---
Linked Third-Party Websites or Services: Some Members may choose to connect to Etsy or
register an Etsy account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook or Google.
Connecting your Etsy account to third-party applications or services is optional. If you choose to
connect your account to a third-party application, the providers of those services or products may
receive information about you that Etsy, you, or others share with them.
You can choose to link your payment processing or bank account to facilitate paying for purchases
(or to receive payment and disbursements, in the case of Sellers in select markets) through a
third-party service available through the Site or Etsy App. When you register with these third-party
partners, we will tell you what information is collected and what information the third party will
share with Etsy.
Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy
policies will govern your use of those sites or services in addition to our own terms and privacy
policy.

---
Business Partners: Etsy works closely with a number of business partners, such as our delivery
and payment partners, that assist us with providing the Services in accordance with our Terms of
Use. When one of these companies assists us in facilitating your transaction, we or they may
need to share information related to the transaction in order to complete your order, monitor
activity on the Sites and Apps, such as transaction activity, or to resolve post purchase support
or transaction related issues, such as refunds or disputes.
Etsy also partners with other businesses to make Sellers' products available off Etsy. Etsy and
our partners will tell you how we and they collect, use, and share your information.

---
Etsy also offers services or products from affiliated businesses, such as services that assist our
Sellers with accounting or other small business management services. These affiliated
businesses may sell items or services to you through the Services or offer promotions (including
email promotions). In each case, these partners will process your information in accordance with
their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask questions of
third parties before you disclose your information to them.

---
Professional Advisors, Industry Partners, Authorities, Regulators, and other Entities: We
share your information described in Section 2 with our advisors, consultants, regulators and tax
authorities, law enforcement, government agencies, civil litigants, industry partners (for example,
trade groups), and other entities as reasonably necessary to:
• comply with applicable law or regulations, court orders, subpoenas, legal process, or
government requests;
• detect, investigate, prevent, or address actual or suspected fraud, violations of Etsy's
Terms of Use, and other illegal activity or security and technical issues; and/or
•
protect the rights, property, and safety of our Members, Etsy and the Etsy Group
Companies, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.

---
Advertising and Marketing Services: Etsy works with third-party advertising and marketing
partners for interest-based advertising purposes as described here.

---
Business Reorganization: In some cases, Etsy may choose to reorganize its business. In these
types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or
substantially all of Etsy's assets), Member information is typically one of the business assets that
is transferred. If Etsy intends to transfer information about you, Etsy will notify you by email or by
putting a notice on the Site and the Apps.

---
Community Services: We engage third parties to assist in providing Community Services, which
includes the Etsy Forums and Teams, and need to share certain information about you for these
purposes. This may include, for example, Buyer Public Profile Information and Seller Public Profile
Information, the date that you registered on Etsy, as well as your language and regional settings
on the Site. For more information, see our Community Policy.

---
Service Providers: Etsy also engages third-party companies and individuals (such as research
companies, analytics services, and security providers) to help us operate, provide, and advertise
the Services. These third parties have limited access to your information, may use your
information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are prohibited from disclosing or using
your information for other purposes.
In addition, Etsy also engages third-party service providers who facilitate the sharing of data
between similar companies (e.g., retail companies) for purposes such as fraud prevention and
security.
The types of third-party service providers that we work with include:

---
Third-Party Service Providers and Network | What Information We Share
Participants
• Data room facilitators
•
Research companies
• Analytics providers
• Security providers
• Software service providers
• Infrastructure and technical service
•
•
providers
Professional service providers
Customer service or other outsourced
service providers
• Identity verification and fraud
prevention service providers
• Buyer Public Profile Information
Seller Public Profile Information
• Buyer Account Information
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Seller Account Information
Seller Verification Information
Guest Checkout Information
Transaction Information
Forum/Community Information
General Location Information
Photos and Videos
Customer Support Information
Browser and Device Information
• Service Usage Information
•
•
Survey Responses and Market
Research
Analytics Information

---
4. How We Transfer Your Information
Etsy operates a global e-commerce platform. By using the Services, you acknowledge that Etsy
will use your information in the United States, Ireland, and any other country where the Etsy Group
Companies operate. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries,
including the rights of authorities to access your information, may differ from those that apply in
the country in which you reside. To the extent that Etsy is deemed to transfer information outside
of the EEA, we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to
transfer your information:
Adequacy Decisions
Where available, we rely on decisions of the European Commission, known as "adequacy
decisions," recognizing that certain countries offer a level of protection of data that is essentially
equivalent to the EEA. A list of adequacy decisions is available here via the European
Commission website.
Standard Contractual Clauses
Otherwise, we also rely on the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for the
international and onward transfer of your data outside of the EEA to third countries, including, for
example, to the United States and India. This includes transfers from Etsy Ireland UC to Etsy, Inc.
and other Etsy Group Companies in addition to our service providers. You can request a copy of
our Standard Contractual Clauses by emailing dpo@etsy.com.

---
Necessary for the Performance of the Contract Between Etsy and Our Users
You can choose whether or not to use the Etsy Services. As we operate in countries worldwide
and use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the
contract between us (including our Terms of Use), we transfer your information to the US and to
other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services. Simply put, we can't provide you with the
Services and perform our contract with you without moving your information outside of your home
country, including the UK or EEA.

---
We use Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise and Mastercard's Ekata (Mastercard's identity
verification product) in connection with our Services to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.
reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and
application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining, and improving
reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise
is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Mastercard's use of your information to
provide us fraud prevention solutions is subject to the Ekata Privacy Policy.