3.
HOW AND WHEN WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data as follows:
(a) With our service providers and other third parties that perform services on our behalf and support our business
operations in connection with our Services. For example, we may partner with companies to send marketing
messages, support email services, and analyse information. These third parties which may receive and process
your personal data may include: (i) cloud service providers for the purposes of storing and operating data, as
necessary for delivering our Services; (ii) fraud prevention agencies in order to detect, prevent or resolve fraud,
security or technical issues in connection with our Services; and (iii) other third parties that provide services to
us, such as payment service providers when we hold in-app activities from time to time. The third parties that
process your personal data on our behalf will use your personal data in accordance with the agreement we have
in place with them and for the purposes described in this Notice.
(b) With advertisers and marketing partners in order to display advertisements on our App and support our business, to
show how many users of the App have clicked or viewed an advertisement, and analytics providers for the
purposes of measurement, analytics, engagement technologies and optimisation of our Services.
(c) With members of our group companies, including our affiliate companies as well as joint venture partners, for the
purposes of processing, analysing, or storing your information or otherwise as needed to provide the Services to
you or for the purposes set out in this Notice.
(d) In certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose or share your personal data with law enforcement agencies,
courts, other government authorities (whether in your jurisdiction or abroad) or other third parties where we or
any of our affiliates believe it is necessary for us to do so to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or
otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party.
(e) With potential transaction partners, service providers, advisors, and other third parties in connection with the
consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with
another company or we sell or transfer all or a portion of our assets or business. Should such a sale or transfer
occur, we will use reasonable efforts to require the entity to which we transfer your personal data to use it in a
manner consistent with this Notice.
---
4.
INTERNATIONAL DATA PROCESSING & TRANSFER
The information we collect from you is stored in Singapore. Where permitted under applicable laws, your personal data may be
transferred to, stored, and processed outside of your jurisdiction. If you are a user of the Services located in the EU or UK, your
personal data may be transferred to a country that is not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for personal data
under European Union law / by the European Commission or under UK law / by the UK Government. This includes jurisdictions
such as Singapore.
We have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements
to provide adequate protection for your personal data. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, and to obtain
a copy of such safeguards, please contact us at the contact information below.
---
Our Services may contain links to and from third party websites or services. Please note that if you follow a link to any of these
third party websites or services, they will have their own terms of use and privacy policies, and we do not accept any
responsibility or liability for these policies. Please read these policies before you submit any personal data to or otherwise use
such third party website or services.
---
(g) portability / transfer – in certain circumstances, request to receive personal data concerning you, which you have
provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to
transmit that data to you or another third party you have chosen;
---
(j)
lodge a complaint –We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if the
personal data we hold about you is inaccurate. Please note that we may require additional information from you
in order to honour your requests. You have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection
authority. If you are in the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/).
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the contact details for data protection authorities in
your jurisdiction are available here (https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members en).
---
Local representatives:
For users in UK, Smart Media4U Technology, PTE. LTD. has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the
UK. You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR by writing to EDPO UK at 8
Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom.
For users in the European Union Smart Media4U has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR
Representative in the EU. You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart
Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium.
---
12.
Philippines-SPECIFIC TERMS
If you are using our Services in Philippines, the following provisions relating to requests for the provision of personal data shall
apply:
You have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the Philippines
National Privacy Commission (“NPC”), damages and data portability. You can contact us at [dpo@ushareit.com]. We may need
to verify your identity or your account details before we respond to your request to exercise one or more of the rights as data
subjects under the laws, rules and regulations issued by NPC.