Thank you for using TeraBox. TeraBox is provided to you by Flextech Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Flextech",
"we", or "us"). We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, store,
process, share and use your information when you access our website, software, and services (the "Services").

---

User data: It is data that you store on TeraBox,
such as files, documents, photos, videos, and
audio ("user data").
We may store, process, and transfer user data and relevant information to
ensure proper operations for the Services and enable you to collaborate with
others and work across devices and Services. User data includes the
information, size, upload date and time, and usage of your configuration files.

---

Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of text that are
sent to your browser by the website when you visit
TeraBox. You can set your browser not to accept
cookies, though this may affect the functionality of
the Services.
We may use cookies and similar technologies to deliver, optimize, protect,
and promote the Services. Cookies allow us to remember your username
between logins, to better understand how you use the Services, and to
improve the Services on the basis of this information. The third-party service
providers we work with may also use cookies and similar technologies.

---

and email addresses (including those for Facebook
and Twitter) on your phone. Such information is
sensitive personal information. If you refuse to
provide it, you cannot use the above-mentioned
functions but can normally use other TeraBox
functions and related services.
JOLIOTO το μιοο000 your auta, oortuinmу пообuyou, an my umano 10 VTCO
others to use TeraBox. The above functions are available after you have
granted us permission to access your contacts. We store this information on
our server for you to use. Before sharing any data, please think through if the
recipient is trustworthy. In addition, in order to ensure that prudent decisions
are made, we recommend that you check the privacy statements of SNS or
third-party service providers to learn how they process your information.

---

In the event that it is required by laws and regulations, necessary for us to provide the product or the Services,
or based on your demand to enhance the security of your account, you must provide your real name, identity
document number, and facial recognition information for account authentication to use some Terabox services
or to meet your further needs. In order to verify that the information you provide is accurate and complete, or
ensure the security of your account, we may compare the real-name information you provide to Terabox with
that registered at institutions permitted by laws and regulations or authorized by government agencies.

---

The above information is collected for the purpose of reliably and securely providing the Services and for
legitimate business purposes. We or our partners will request your consent prior to processing your information
for any other purpose beyond those specifically stated.

---

You agree that we can aggregate, integrate, identify, analyze, portray, or further process the personal
information actively or passively provided by you in the Services through the technology of us or our trustees to
form a variety of label information with different degrees of granularity that reflect your operation habits,
interests, or credit (hereinafter referred to as "label information"). We will use label information for automated
decision-making in specific scenarios and applications, so as to send you personalized information and/or
marketing information.

---

Provision of personal information to third parties
We will not reveal your personal information to any third party without your prior consent, except under any of
the following circumstances:
(a) We are required to cooperate with national or regional governmental organizations or their agents in the
performance of their duties or obligations under applicable laws and regulations, which may preclude such
performance if your consent is required;
(b) Where there is a substantial risk to a person's life or property;
(c) Where there is a particular need to improve public health or promote the healthy development of youth.
For the sharing, transfer, or disclosure of your personal information under the above exceptional circumstances,
we will log the basis for processing relevant information, the scope of information being processed, the
information on the recipient, and so forth as enumerated below based on the principles of minimization and
necessity to protect your legitimate rights and interests.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

(3) Descriptions of the data subject type and the personal data type;
(4) The type of recipient to whom the personal data has been or will be disclosed (including a recipient in a
third country or international organization);
(5) Records of transfer of personal data to a third country or international organization and records of
appropriate safeguards;
(6) Expected time to delete different types of data;
(7) General description of technical and organizational security measures.

---

Sharing data with other users
When you use the Teamwork or Share functions of TeraBox, the Services display your nickname, device
information, email address, and usage information to users that you cooperate with, or information that you
permit to share. This allows you to be updated on information about the team that you will join and enable
other users to share files and folders with you.

---

We may share your information with third parties
We may work with certain trusted third parties (such as customer support or IT service providers) that can help
us better deliver, optimize, protect, and promote the Services. These third parties may have access to your
information to perform tasks on our behalf, during which we remain responsible for the third parties' handling
of your information in accordance with our requirements.
We may share infrastructure, systems, and technology with Flextech affiliates to deliver, optimize, protect, and
promote the Services. These affiliates will use your information in conjunction with us and the information you
have listed in the "What information is collected and for what purpose" section for the purposes described
therein. We will be responsible for granting these companies access to your information.
You may choose to connect to your TeraBox account through a third-party service. By connecting to a service
of this kind, you allow the third parties and us to exchange the information listed in the "What information is
collected and for what purpose" section of this Privacy Policy so that the third parties and we can deliver,
optimize, protect, and promote their services. In these cases, the use of your information will be governed by
the privacy policies and terms of service of the third parties whose services you choose to connect through.
We will establish an output mechanism for cross-border data transfer with reference to the requirements of the
GDPR and update it as required. Our processing of personal data will depend on the fundamental principles of
the GDPR, the consent of valid data subjects, or other legitimate reasons. Apart from that, additional
mechanisms will be put in place to protect data and meet the substantive requirements of the GDPR for data
processing.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We train and assess our employees in terms of data security awareness and security abilities to enhance their
comprehension of the importance of protecting personal information. We authenticate the identity of employees
who process personal information and control their access, sign nondisclosure agreements with our employees
and partners who have access to your personal information, and clarify job responsibilities and code of
conduct, so that only authorized personnel can access personal information. In the event of any violation of the
nondisclosure agreements, the employment will be terminated immediately with the violator held accountable by
law. Moreover, there are also confidentiality requirements that relevant personnel must follow when they leave
their posts.

---

We kindly remind you that the Internet is not absolutely secure. Hence, you should carefully protect your
personal information when you interact with other users through third-party social software, emails, SMS, and
other services integrated into TeraBox under the condition that you are uncertain whether your information is
completely encrypted during transfer.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

If data is accidentally disclosed, we will notify affected people as soon as possible and report to competent
authorities within 72 hours. If it is impossible to report it within 72 hours, the reason for the delay will be
clarified.

---

Where we store and process your information
While providing the Services, we may store, process, and transfer your information in Japan, and you agree to
provide your information. Your information may also be stored on the local device used to access the Services.

---

How you control and access your information
In accordance with the laws, regulations, standards, and established practices of the relevant country and
region, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights for your personal information. If you have any
questions or claims about the exercise of rights, you may contact us at helpdesk@terabox.com. You can view,
change, download, delete, or share your information from your TeraBox account.
1. The right of access
If you wish to know the extent to which your personal information is collected, saved, and shared by TeraBox or
the purpose of processing such information, you can contact us for details.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

6. The right of copy and data portability
You have the right to copy your personal information collected by us. On the premise that it is required by laws
and regulations, in compliance with the instructions and conditions stipulated by competent authorities, and
technically feasible, you may request us to transfer your personal information to another designated subject.
In your exercise of the said rights of personal information subjects, we will update third parties on the relevant
information in a timely manner to ensure that the above-mentioned rights are exercised in accordance with
laws and regulations, regulatory requirements, and technical feasibility.

---

You can control your retained personal information ("the retained personal information") and decide how it is
collected, used, and shared in accordance with the Japan Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI).
For example, you may
a. request disclosure of the retained personal information that identifies you
b. request corrections, additions, or deletions to the retained personal information when the content of the
information that identifies you is not true
c. immediately delete or stop using the retained personal information, if the information was obtained
unlawfully by us or if we are using the information in an unlawful manner
d. immediately stop providing the retained personal information if we unlawfully provide the information to
a third party

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Change
In the event of a reorganization, merger, or acquisition of Flextech or the sale of our assets, your information
may be transferred to the surviving entity, acquirer, or successor of the transaction. We will notify you of any
such transaction (for example, by a message to the email address associated with your account) and outline
your choices in that event.