This is the privacy policy of Sygic a. s., with its registered seat at TwinCity, C, Mlynské Nivy 16,
821 08 Bratislava, Slovakia, company ID No. (IČO): 35 892 030 and affiliated companies
belonging to Sygic Group (collectively, “Sygic”, “we”, “us”, “our”, or “we”). This privacy policy
provides an overview about how we process personal data about users of our mobile
applications, software, websites or generally our products and services we provide to you
including anciallary services that we provide together with our business partners and which
may be available through our mobile applications (the “Services").

---
Provision of the Services covers all the below listed applications while the EULA might be
concluded with you by different affiliated companies belonging to Sygic Group, as shown

---
Provision of the Services may also include the so-called Anciallary Services that we provide in
cooperation with our business partners and which you can order through our applications
(see more info in point 8 of the EULA). For example, this can be the opportunity to accede to
the insurance contract and the insurance conditions between Sygic, a.s. and Union

---
We consider the subsequent implementation of the procedures agreed with the insurance
company as our legitimate interest. In particular, the provision of personal data of insured
and co-insured persons to Union Insurance in connection with the handling of complaints,
claims, submissions, claims reports, the giving of opinions, invoicing documents or the
subsequent storage of insurance documents. Union poisťovňa, a.s. is an independent
controller which in the event of acceding to the insurance, processes your personal data for
the purpose of performing insurance activities and exercising the rights and obligations
arising from the insurance in accordance with its information obligations.

---
[SECTION: Marketing analytics]
Marketing analytics
We regard our marketing analytics a distinct purpose of processing personal data from
sending out direct marketing communications. Some of the below activities might not
necessarily involve processing of personal data. However, we would like to be transparent
about the processing activities we undertake (with data generally) and would like to give our
users full control over marketing related processing of personal data, as explained here. All
of the below activities do correspond with our legitimate interest of better understanding
our customers, customer trends and expectations when providing or offering our Services.
For example, marketing analytics may include:
• General analysis of user behavior for better marketing strategies, decision or more
personalized targeted advertising;
• Targeted advertising of Sygic products or services for example via Facebook App Install
ads, Google AdWords, PayPerClick and similar tools;
• Performance analysis of different marketing campaigns (e.g. Exponea, Google Analytics);
• Cross-device linking (pairing of data about different devices of the same user);
• User segmentation for more personalized direct marketing communication (if conditions
for direct marketing communications are met).

---
company/brand awareness in online environment. We might process your personal data via
our social media profiles when you write to us, comment, like or share our posts. Your
provision of personal data via social media to us is voluntary. Please read relevant privacy
policies to better understand processing of your personal data by providers of social media.
We only have a typical admin control over the personal data processed by us via our own
company profiles. We assume that by using these social media platforms, you understand
that your personal data might be processed for other purposes and that your personal data
might by transferred to other third countries and third parties by providers of social media
platforms. You can currently find us on Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest,
Youtube, Stack Overflow, Github, Tumblr, Dribble, Behance and Vimeo.

---
[SECTION: Legal enforcement (establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims)]
From time to time, we might need to pursue a legal claim, ask for compensation or off-court
settlement, keep evidence for potential dispute, manage legal contracts, request legal advice
from external advisors, report illegal activity to law enforcement authorities or otherwise
protect our legitimate legal interests (i.e. enforcing our legal rights). Although these activities
do not automatically involve processing of personal data about our users (which happens
very rarely), we would like to be transparent about such purpose of processing in case it
does.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: Who are recipients of your personal data?]
Who are recipients of your personal data?
We take the confidentiality of your personal data very seriously and have policies in place to
ensure that your data is only shared with authorized personnel of Sygic or a verified third
party. Our employees might have access to your personal data on a strictly need-to-know
basis typically governed and limited by function, role and department of the particular
employee. We also use sub-contractors to support us in providing the Services who might
process personal data for us. We ensure that selection of our sub-contractors and any
processing of personal data by them is compliant with the GDPR. Categories of recipients of
your personal data are:
• Affiliated Sygic companies (eg. Sygic Czech Republic, a.s.);
• Hosting or cloud services providers or related services to support the operation or
operation of our applications and Services (e.g., Microsoft, Inc., Google, LLC, Apple, Inc.,
SWAN, Inc., OVH.CZ Ltd., Amazon Web Services, Inc., Zendesk, Inc., PayPal, Inc., Widgix LLC,
Pipedrive Inc., Akamai Technologies GmbH, Stormware, sro);
Marketing and analytics software service providers (e.g. Google LLC, Facebook Ireland, Ltd.,
Facebook Inc., Exponea s.r.o., AppsFlyer, Inc., LLC, Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft Clarity
);
• Social media platform operators (Facebook Inc., Facebook Ireland, Ltd., Youtube LLC,
Twitter, Inc., Microsoft (LinkedIn), Pinterest, Stack Overflow, Github, Tumblr, Dribble,
Behance, Vimeo);
• Business partners, but only if you have ordered through our application a product or
service that we provide together with a business partner (eg Union poisťovňa, a.s.)

---
In the past, we have also collected voluntary marketing consents on behalf of third parties
(partners) within our applications. The list of these third parties has been removed from this
privacy policy, as we terminated the consent-based projects as of December 31, 2020, and
the contracts with these partners were terminated.

---
[SECTION: What countries do we transfer your personal data to?]
What countries do we transfer your personal data
to?
By default, we seek not to transfer your personal data outside the EU and/or European
Economic Area where not necessary. However, some of our sub-contractors or the above-
mentioned recipients of personal data might be based or their servers might be located in
the United States of America (U.S.) or in other country regarded as third party not ensuring
adequate level of protection. Any transfer of personal data outside the European Economic
Area is done by us only under strict compliance with the GDPR. We ensure the third-party
recipients concluded EU model Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) with us or follow
equivalent safeguards in place.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
If you are not sure about whether we process your personal data, you can request our
confirmation by reference to the right of access under the Art. 15(1) of the GDPR. If we do
process your personal data you can request the following information:
• the purposes of the processing;
• the categories of personal data concerned;
• the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be
disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations;
• where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not
possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
• the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal
data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to
such processing;
• the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
• where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information
as to their source;
• the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1)

---
Please note, that if you use our apps, most of the above information is already included in
this privacy policy. You have also right to request copy of your personal data pursuant to the
Art. 15(3) of the GDPR. You have right to request some of your personal data in a structured,
commonly used and machine-readable format provided that the conditions for data
portability under Art. 20 of the GDPR are met. These conditions might be met where the
legal basis for processing is your consent or performance of contract (provision of the
Services, newsletters and consumer contest) or arranging the opportunity of ordering the
products of our business partners through our applications where you provide the personal
data to us.

---
Previous versions of the privacy policy:
• Version valid from 18 May 2018 (adjustment due to GDPR application);
• Version valid from 17 July 2020 (adjustment mainly due to the abolishment of the US-EU
Privacy Shield + prelink to the list of partners).