Automated Decision making
(including "profiling")
In general we do not process any data via
"profiling" or in form of automated decision-
making via the Website or Service. However,
such profiling may happen by third-party
providers through the Website or Service. We
will inform you about such fact if possible.
---
Data Security
We have implemented sufficient measures to
ensure data and IT security. The Website is
operated through a safe SSL connection. If an
SSL connection is activated, third parties are
prevented from reading any data that you
transfer to us.
---
Social Sign-In & Social Login
In addition to manual registration, we provide
the option of logging in directly to us with your
existing user account of a social network from
selected providers. We use Google Login for this
purpose. If you wish to use one of these
functions, you will be redirected to the page of
the respective provider and navigated through
the registration process.
As a protective measure, the data you enter is
transmitted via an encrypted connection of the
respective platform. We do not use the
registration to access personal data such as
friend lists or contacts or to store them for our
own purposes. A permanent link between your
user account and the user account at Google
does not take place. We do not know what data
social networks collect in the course of
registration or how data is linked. Further details
can be found in the privacy statements of
Google. The purpose of the requested data is
the registration via an existing user account for
the use of extended functions on the website.
Registration via social networks is voluntary and
can be revoked or the user account can be
logged out at any time. The legal basis is your
consent in accordance with the European data
protection requirements from Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a)
GDPR.
---
If you are interested in receiving updates about
our company or our products, you can subscribe
to our newsletter. You will then receive an e-mail
in which you must click on a link to confirm
receipt of the newsletter. We will then save your
e-mail address until you unsubscribe from the
newsletter. For this purpose, you will find a
corresponding link to unsubscribe in every e-
mail of our newsletter. The delivery of the
newsletter is carried out by the specialized
service provider Sendgrid by Twilio. Further
information can be found in the service
provider's privacy policy:
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy.
As a protective measure, we ask for a so-called
"Double-Opt-In" to ensure that the registered e-
mail address actually belongs to you.
Furthermore, we have entered into a data
processing agreement with the assigned service
provider. You are also able to unsubscribe from
the newsletter at any time and thus delete your
e-mail address from the service provider's
database. The purpose of the data requested is
to send the newsletter to your personal e-mail
address in order to fulfill your request for
updates about our company or our products.
The legal basis is your consent in accordance
with the European data protection requirements
under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
---
As part of the job application process, we also
use a recruiting and applicant management
software, which is provided by the service
provider BambooHR. This software helps us to
place job advertisements and manage
applications centrally. For this purpose, we have
concluded a data processing agreement to
ensure that the personal data of our applicants
is only processed in accordance with our
instructions. Further information can be found in
the service provider's privacy policy:
https://www.bamboohr.com/privacy-policy/
---
Data Recipients
In accordance with the descriptions and
purposes stated above, we share your
information with the following recipients that are
essential to providing our services and
communicating with you:
• Google Analytics, operated by Google Ireland
Ltd. headquartered in Gordon House Barrow
Street Dublin 4 Ireland. We use Google
Analytics to analyze user behavior and to
serve personalized advertising. The data will
be processed within the European Union. For
more information, please refer to the privacy
policy for Google Analytics at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
• Sentry, operated by Functional Software Inc.,
45 Fremont St, San Francisco, California
94105, USA, for the purpose of error
tracking. Your device, operating system,
visitor_id, country, release version, url, and
user ID will be processed via servers in the
US and Europe. For more information, please
refer to the privacy policy for Sentry at:
https://sentry.io/privacy/#eu-us-privacy-
shield
• Sendgrid, operated by Twilio Inc., 101 Spear
Street, 1st Floor, San Francisco, California,
94105, USA, for the purpose of sending
transaction and marketing emails and storing
of unsubscription. Your email address will be
processed. For more information, please
refer to the privacy policy for Sendgrid at:
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
• Facebook, operated by Meta Platforms
Ireland Ltd. headquartered in 4 Grand Canal
Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Ireland. The data will be processed within the
European Union. For more information,
please refer to the privacy policy for
Facebook at:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
• Amazon Web Services, operated by Amazon
Web Services, Inc. headquartered at 410
Terry Avenue North Seattle WA 98109 USA.
Depending on your location, data is
processed either within the European Union
or the USA. For more information, please
refer to the privacy policy for Amazon Web
Services at: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
• Google Cloud, operated by Google LLC,
headquartered at 1600 Amphitheatre
Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Depending on your location, data is
processed either within the European Union
or the USA. For more information, please
refer to the privacy policy for Google Cloud
at: https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-
privacy-notice
• Datadog, operated by Datadog, Inc.
headquartered at 620 8th Ave 45th Floor,
New York, NY 10018, USA. Depending on
your location, data is processed either within
the European Union or the USA. For more
information, please refer to the privacy policy
for Datadog at:
https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/
• Stripe, operated by Stripe, Inc.
headquartered at 1 Grand Canal Street Lower,
Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, D02 H210, Ireland.
Depending on your location, data is
processed either within the European Union
or the USA. For more information, please
refer to the privacy policy for Stripe at:
https://stripe.com/privacy
• Galatea, operated by Inkitt GmbH,
headquartered at Saarbrücker Str. 36, 10405
Berlin, Germany. Depending on your location,
data is processed either within the European
Union or the USA. For more information,
please refer to the privacy policy for Galatea
at: Privacy Policy - Galatea Stories
We only share data that is necessary for the
performance of the mutual contract or if you
have given us your consent, for example in the
context of our newsletter or cookie banner. If no
contract exists yet, we share the data in certain
cases in the context of legitimate interests. This
is the case, for example, if you only want to visit
our website or contact us. When you visit our
website, it is in the interest of both parties to
provide access to the services and to
communicate with each other.
We have also entered into data processing
agreements with all external recipients to
comply with European legal requirements.
Depending on your location, some of the above
service providers - if specified - will also transfer
your data to the United States. The European
Court of Justice has ruled that the United States
does not have an equivalent level of data
protection to the EU and authorities may be able
to access data without due process. Additional
safeguards are therefore required to ensure a
sufficient level of data protection. To meet this
requirement, we have concluded additional data
processing agreements called Standard
Contractual Clauses. We also check each
service provider together with our data
protection officer and ensure that additional
security measures are available, such as strong
encryption of data
---
In addition to manual registration, we offer you
the option of registering with us directly with
your existing user account of a social network
from selected providers. We use the platforms
"Apple" and "Google". If you wish to use one of
these functions, you will be redirected to the
page of the respective provider and navigated
through the registration process.
---
Mobile apps and app
permissions
When you download our app via an app platform
(Apple App Store or Google Play Store), you
submit certain information to this platform, in
particular your account data, e.g. name, device
ID and email address. We have no influence on
this data collection and are not responsible for
it.
---
App Analysis/ Tracking:
Goolge Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a
web analytics service provided by Google Inc,
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA
94043, USA ("Google"). Your IP address will be
processed but shortened before the usage
statistics are analyzed so that no conclusions
can be drawn about your person. For this
purpose, Google Analytics has been extended
by the code "anonymizelp" to ensure an
anonymized collection of IP addresses. Google
will use the anonymized information obtained
through the cookies to evaluate your use of the
website, compile reports on activities and
provide other services related to internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to
third parties where required to do so by law, or
where such third parties process the information
on Google's behalf.
Google Firebase: We use Firebase by Google
LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View,
California 94043, USA for the purpose of
analytics, sending push notification to users,
and storing of storing chat messages. Your IP
address, Instance IDs, Crash traces, User
agents, Mobile ad IDs, IDFVs/Android IDs,
Analytics App Instance IDs, All User events
(button clicks, page views, etc) will be
processed. Personal data is not stored.
Branch.io: We use Branch Metrics, Inc., 1400B
Seaport Boulevard, Redwood City, California
94063, USA for the purpose of deeplinks for
marketing purposes. We process your iOS or
Android identification (IFDA or Android ID), the
IP address, the version of the app, information
about the terminal used, its manufacturer and
the operating system version used, screen size
and resolution, start and end of the use of our
app, type of connection (e.g. WLAN, mobile
access), the period since installation and since
the last update of the app. The listed information
is only processed by Branch in an anonymous
form. An identification of the individual Inkitt
user by Branch is thus excluded.
---
Assertion, exercise, and
defense of legal claims
Sometimes it may be necessary for us to
process personal data and, where applicable - in
accordance with local laws and regulations
sensitive personal data in connection with the
exercise or defense of legal claims. Article 9(2)
(f) of the GDPR allows for this when the
processing is "necessary for the establishment,
exercise or defense of legal claims or when
courts are acting in the exercise of their judicial
functions".
This may occur, for example, when we need
legal advice regarding a legal proceeding or are
required by law to preserve or disclose certain
information as part of the legal process.