If you've agreed to data collection, the application collects some user data that are essential for us to deliver our
services, to understand your needs and to improve our services. For example, the application collects how much
time users spent on certain screens or which features are popular. The analytics services automatically collect
certain information that does not personally identify our end users who access or use our mobile applications. This
information includes but is not limited to device state information, unique device identifiers, installation UUID,
device hardware and OS information, information relating to how application functions or anonymized IP addresses.

---
Android
We use the following third-party services for our Android app:
We collect certain data that allows us to analyze how you interact with our app and fix bugs. We do use third-party
tools to help us with this. But we are careful to only let them process usage data and minimal personal data. To be
clear, these third party services are not permitted to use the data for any other purpose than to help us run the app.

---
Google Analytics, Flurry Analytics, Firebase, Meta Analytics & Amplitude
•
•
•
This service helps us to collect and analyze usage data in order to understand usage patterns and to improve
our Android app.
Personal data collected: various usage and device data such as cookies, unique device identifiers, usage data,
anonymized IP addresses
Firebase Crash Reporting (Google Inc.)
This service helps us to identify crashes and errors in our app. It helps us to improve the reliability and stability
of our Android app.
Personal data collected: Instance IDs, Crash traces
Data retention: 180 days for crash stack traces, Firebase retains Instance IDs until the Firebase customer makes
an API call to delete the ID.

---
Advertising
Advertising helps us to keep our app free. The premium version of our app does not serve any ads. The ad's
content is NOT based on your entries or notes. We don't share your data with the ads providers.
■ The free version of our Android app uses the following service:AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.), Facebook
Audience NetworkWe use AdMob, Facebook Audience Network to display ad banners and other
advertisements possibly based on your interests. AdMob, Facebook Audience Network may or may not use
cookies to identify users and they may use the behavioural retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored
to your interests and behaviour, including those detected outside our app. For example, if you've previously
visited e-shop selling shoes you might see more ads promoting shoes or shoe shops.
■ We may share your information with the following partners to improve our app and provide more tailored
advertising.
We may receive your personal data from advertising partners.
• We may receive your personal data from advertising partners.
• Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Ο
Firebase : https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy.
Ο
Facebook Audience Network (Meta) : https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
○ ironSource : https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-
policy.
• Flurry: https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html
• Applovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
• Pangle: https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy/enduser-en
• Unity: https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-policy
Ο
LiftOff: https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
• Sale, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing,
disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing,
or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's Personal information to another business or a third
party for monetary or other valuable consideration.We use AdMob, Facebook Audience Network,
Applovin, Mopub, Pangle, Unity, LiftOff to display ad banners and other advertisements possibly based
on your interests. AdMob, Facebook Audience Network, Applovin, Mopub, Pangle, Unity, LiftOff may or
may not use cookies to identify users and they may use the behavioural retargeting technique, i.e.
displaying ads tailored to your interests and behaviour, including those detected outside our app. For
example, if you've previously visited e-shop selling shoes you might see more ads promoting shoes or
shoe shops. The app does not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the age of 17.

---
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising
Principles https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). They
are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
Personal data collected: Cookies, Google Advertiser ID

---
• We apply security measures to protect against misuse, loss, and/or alteration of personal information under our
control. We follow industry best practices when transferring and storing your data. Though we cannot ensure or
guarantee that misuse, loss or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to
prevent it.

---
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data. We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your
Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information
to perform a contract with You.

---
The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company
information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the
Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your
Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our “Do Not Sell My Personal
Information" section or web page.
The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from the Company
information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected
The sources from which the Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data
Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You

---
• We apply security measures to protect against misuse, loss, and/or alteration of personal information under our
control. We follow industry best practices when transferring and storing your data. Though we cannot ensure or
guarantee that misuse, loss or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to
prevent it.

---
PLATFORM PROVIDER:
SMS PARTNER: