Photomath is provided by Photomath LLC. and our affiliates and partners. We will
refer to "Photomath" also as "we," "us", or "our" where applicable.
---
2. What is not covered by this Privacy Policy
We wish to remind you that this Privacy Policy only applies to personal data that we
process when you use the Service. It does not apply to any third parties' websites
and/or services, such as third-party applications, that you may encounter when you
use the Service. These third parties have their own privacy policies and any
information you provide them will be regulated by their respective privacy rules.
We encourage you to carefully familiarize yourself with the privacy policies
applicable to any websites and/or services operated by third parties. Please be
aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties.
However, when we do have the ability to choose such third parties, we always try to
match with ones that not only share the same privacy principles, but also share the
same positive values as we do.
---
• Subscription information. When you subscribe or choose to use our paid
Services, you will provide us or our payment service provider with information
such as credit or debit card number or other financial information; and
---
• Analytics technologies: Technologies such as cookies*, beacons, anonymous
unique identifiers, tags, crash logs and scripts are used in the Service. We use
these technologies to analyze trends, administer the Service, enable features
on the Service, track users' movements around the Service and to gather
demographic information about our users. We use technology created by third
parties to enable such technological features.
---
•
Traffic optimization and distribution: To provide a better user experience, the
Service might use third-party services for traffic optimization and distribution.
These service providers who automatically collect data and share it with us
have their own privacy policies applicable to their operations. Such providers
also uses cookies*
---
• Third party analytics providers: We may use third-party analytics services to
analyze the Service on our behalf. These service providers may use cookies*,
web beacons, crash logs and other technologies to collect information about
your use of the Service. These service providers enable us to collect, monitor
and analyze data regarding the use of the Service, in order to understand how
users use the Service and to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of
the Services, as well as to better tailor the Service to users' needs.
Accordingly, some automatically collected data is shared with such third party
service providers, who have their own privacy policies applicable to their
operations. The current list of analytics service providers can be requested
from us by contacting us at privacy@photomath.com.
---
In particular, please note that we use the images and feedback you send by using
the Service to improve the Service, including its math problem solving capabilities,
and to improve our other products and services, such as machine vision
technologies from Photomath affiliates and partners.
---
[SECTION: 6. How We Disclose Your Information]
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose the personal data relating to our
users to third parties unless otherwise stated herein.
We may allow other companies to provide analytics regarding your use of our
Services. This can help us analyze and better understand how our users use our
Services, determine if changes and updates to Services work as intended and are
well received, or help us in targeting advertisements relevant to you.
These entities may use cookies, other technologies to collect such information,
including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed,
time spent on Services, links clicked, and conversion information (but NOT
including your name, email address, mailing address, or telephone number).
We as a data controller, or our affiliated companies, may use your Personal
information only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and only when
such use is allowed under applicable law.
The personal data collected in the Service may be disclosed in the following
manner:
a) Personal data you provide directly:
We may disclose personal data you provide to the Service with the following
categories of third parties:
•
•
To service providers, such as data storage service providers, which enable us
to provide the Service to you;
To our business partners, such as advertising partners, in compliance with
applicable laws;
• To public authorities, such as law enforcement, if we are legally required to do
so or if we need to protect our rights or the rights of third parties;
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•
•
•
To our subsidiaries and affiliates; or a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator
of the Service and their advisors in connection with a corporate merger,
consolidation, restructuring, or the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or
assets, or in connection with bankruptcy proceedings, or other corporate
reorganization, in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
To our technology partners, such as machine vision technology partners; and
To other third parties, with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted
by law.
Please note that in circumstances where you expressly direct us to share your
personal information to a third party, the shared information is then controlled by
that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy.
b) Data collected automatically:
The data collected automatically in the Service may be disclosed to the following
categories of third parties:
•
To service providers, such as data analysis companies;
• To our business partners, such as advertising partners, in compliance with
applicable laws;
• To public authorities, such as law enforcement, if we are legally required to do
so or if we need to protect our rights or the rights of third parties;
• To our subsidiaries and affiliates; or a subsequent owner, co-owner, or
operator of the Service and their advisors in connection with a corporate
merger, consolidation, restructuring, or the sale of substantially all of our stock
and/or assets, or in connection with bankruptcy proceedings, or other
corporate reorganization, in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
• To our technology partners, such as machine vision technology partners; and
•
To other third parties, with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted
by law.
Please note that we will never share the images you have taken to any service
provider, advertising agency or any other business partner or third party.
---
Moreover, we may disclose information to third parties in an aggregate or derivative
format that does not constitute personal data and does not allow the identification
of individual users. This is information gathered and expressed in a summary form
for purposes such as statistical analysis, and so is not personal data for the
purposes of data protection law, such as GDPR. For more, please see the
Definitions section below.
---
[SECTION: 7. Added features from third parties]
We may decide to expand our Services from time to time with additional third-party
content to provide you with added features and better user experience. The use of
such third-party content will never be a prerequisite for using the Services. Should
you choose to use such third-party content, you may have to provide some
Personal Information to such third party.
An example of such added features are micro-tutoring services offered to you
within the Application. It would be impossible to provide you such services without
sharing your user-generated images with the provider of micro tutoring services.
Whenever we offer any added features in our Application, we will make sure that
that third-party content provider adheres to our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy,
and the principles contained therein, and we will take special care that your
Personal Information is deleted as soon as possible after you finish using such
added features.
---
• Right to be informed. We will inform you about processing of your Personal
data, purposes of processing, transfer of your data, retention policy, as well as
information about us and contact details should you ever choose to contact us.
In a way, we build this Privacy Policy to comply with your right to be informed.
---
If you are a California resident, you also have the right to opt-out of the sale of your
personal information. However, we expressly state that we do not sell and have not
sold any of your Personal Information in the past. Moreover, you can request a
notice disclosing the categories of personal information about you that we have
shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding
calendar year. To request this notice, please submit your request here. Please allow
30 days for a response. For your protection and the protection of all our users, we
may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer such a request.
---
Cookies do lots of different jobs, and as most other service providers, we also use
cookies and similar tracking technologies which help us remember your
preferences, keep you signed in, letting you navigate between pages efficiently and
to generally improve your user experience. Some cookies are necessary for the
functioning of our Services or they help us improve our performance by providing
analytical data and some are used for marketing purposes. Our Privacy Policy uses
the term "cookies" for all such technologies.
---
• Third-party cookies are created by other web locations. Please note that we
may not control the storage or access to these cookies. You should review the
privacy and cookie policies of these services to find out how these third parties
use cookies. In addition, for more information on how third parties use these
types of cookies, visit the following
link: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/.
---
Our own cookies: sign-in related cookie (3 minutes). Third party cookie: cookie
used to prevent security threats: Cloudflare (1 month).
---
Analytics
These cookies and scripts are used to measure, understand, and anonymously
report on your usage of our Website. They help us understand how visitors interact
with the Website by collecting and reporting information anonymously. This Website
uses Google Analytics, a service of Internet analysis provided by Google LLC
("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies for the analysis of your use of the
Website. Information generated by cookie on your use of this Website is transferred
to the United States of America. For more information, please see Privacy and data
security policy on the following
link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. Third-party
cookie used: Google Analytics (2 years).
---
Marketing
These cookies are used to deliver adverts on our or third party websites more
relevant to you and your interests, as well as to measure the effectiveness of
advertising campaigns. We may utilize cookies and technologies from our
marketing partners (Google), and/or social media platforms (Facebook). These
technologies help us measure the efficacy of our marketing campaigns and to
understand how visitors navigate to the Websites from our ads on other websites.
They help us and our marketing partners (Google LLC and/or Facebook Inc.)
determine how many times people who click on our ads end up using our services
or performing a particular action, which information will be transmitted to our
aforementioned marketing partners. These technologies are used to compile
statistics about visitors who interact with the Websites and our other online content,
to estimate the effectiveness of our ads, and to provide more pertinent information
to our visitors. This also includes using previously collected information about your
interests to select ads and whether you took any action related to the
advertisement, including for example clicking an ad. For this purposes we use:
---
(ii) Facebook-Pixel
We use "Facebook Pixel" of the social network Facebook Inc. (Facebook). The
Facebook pixel can track the behavior of users after clicking on a Facebook ad.
With the aid of the Facebook pixel, we can understand how our marketing measures
are being adopted on Facebook and, if necessary, are taking optimization
measures. For more information on cookies and similar technologies placed by
Facebook, please visit: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ . If you want
to disable cookie storage placed by Facebook, you need to change your browser
settings. The data collected by our Website remain anonymous and do not provide
any information about the identity of the users. Facebook stores and processes the
data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook Data
Directive, which we invite you to visit at
(https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).
You are required to review the corresponding privacy policy of listed third parties,
whose cookies and similar technologies may include advertising identifiers and
device identifiers. These cookies are placed by third parties: Facebook (2 months)
and Google Ads (3 months).
---
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites,
visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
---
We take reasonable measures to protect your Personal information from
unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, by
retaining it in a firewalled and secured database with strictly limited and controlled
access rights, using encryption. Despite these efforts to store personal data
collected in and through the Service in a secure operating environment that is not
available to the public, we cannot guarantee the security of personal data during its
transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the
integrity and security of personal data, we cannot guarantee that our security
measures will prevent third-parties such as so-called hackers from illegally
obtaining access to personal data. We do not warrant or represent that personal
data about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
---
• The right to request disclosure of the personal information we have collected in
the past 12 months and how it was used and shared;
---
[SECTION: 13. International Transfers of Personal Data]
As we operate globally, some elements of the Service may be hosted on servers
located in countries outside your own country. The laws applicable to the protection
of personal data in such countries may be different from those applicable in your
home country. In particular, if you are located within the European Union, please
note that personal data collected by us is transferred outside the European Union /
European Economic Area. By using our Services, you consent to personal data
about you being transferred outside your own country and, where applicable,
outside the European Union / European Economic Area.
Wherever we transfer your Personal information, or otherwise store or process such
information, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your Personal
information. These steps may include obtaining your consent or implementing
contractual clauses defining rules and obligations in respect to such transfer or
processing.
---
[SECTION: 14. Advertising]
To support and enhance the Services, we work with a variety of third party
advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis
firms such as Facebook and Google (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service
Providers"). These Third Party Advertising Service Providers collect and use
personal data about your visits to and use of the Website and mobile Application, as
well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements and content
tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests or better understand ad
effectiveness. Aggregate demographic and interest data will also be used for
market research purposes.
---
You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads from advertisers and ad networks
that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or who follow the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising using their
respective opt-out tools. The NAI's opt-out tool can be found here and the DAA's
opt out tool can be found here. You may also manage certain advertising cookies
by visiting the EU-based Your Online Choices.
In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices
about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for online behavioral
advertising (for example, Apple iOS' Advertising ID and Google Android's
Advertising ID). Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all
advertisements to you.
---
From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy. You can tell when changes
have been made to the Privacy Policy by referring to the “Last Updated" legend on
top of this page. If we materially change the ways in which we use and disclose
personal data, we will post a notice in the Service. We encourage you to review the
Privacy Policy whenever you access the Service to stay informed about our privacy
practices. Your continued use of the Service following any changes to this Privacy
Policy constitutes your acceptance of any such changes made.
---
Company. As referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this
Agreement, Company refers to Photomath LLC, its affiliates and partners.