3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your
rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific
purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business
interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal
information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with
applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court
order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any
person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors,
service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such
information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services,
customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Apps,
which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to,
among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online
activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for
their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Apps. These
companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies
and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. See our
Cookie Policy: https://www.squarespace.com/cookie-policy for further information.

---

Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can
usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject
cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Apps. To opt-out of interest- based advertising by advertisers
on our Apps visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . For further information, please see our Cookie Policy:
https://www.squarespace.com/cookie-policy.

---

10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal
information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California
residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal
information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third
parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California