INTRODUCTION
Thank you for visiting MEXC Trading Platform (“MEXC”). By visiting, accessing, or using MEXC and associated application
program interface or mobile applications (“Site”), you consent to the policies and practices of our privacy policy (the “Privacy
Policy"), PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. This Privacy Policy explains how MEXC uses your Personal
Data (defined below) as we provide you with access and utility through our digital asset trading platform via software, API
(application program interface), technologies, products and/or functionalities (“Service”). In the course of providing you our
Service, to abide by the laws in the jurisdictions that we operate, and to improve our services, we need to collect and maintain
personal information about you. As a rule, we never disclose any personal information about our customers to any non-affiliated
third parties, except as described below. We may update this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time by posting the
amended version on this site.
---
(d) Provide services
We will require access to your personal information in order to provide you with services. For example, when you wish to use
the OTC service on our platform, we will require specific information such as your identity, contact information, and payment
information, or we cannot provide you with services without such information. Third parties such as identity verification
service providers may also collect your personal information when providing identity verification and/or fraud prevention
services.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
(l) For any other purpose
We may disclose your personal information for any purpose that you have consented to.
---
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may also share your Personal Data to the below persons or entities under circumstances
specified below:
(a) Affiliates:
Personal information that we process and collect may be transferred between MEXC companies as a normal part of conducting
business and offering our Services to you.
(b) Third party service providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include analysing data, providing
marketing assistance, processing payments, transmitting content, assessing and managing credit risk, and coding and
developing of MEXC related mobile and/or other forms of portable applications (including MEXC application on Google Play
- Developer Name: MEXC; Developer ID: 7724732378084052863). These third-party service providers only have access to
personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process the
personal information in accordance with our contractual agreements and only as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
(c) Legal Authorities:
We may be required by law or by Court to disclose certain information about you or any engagement we may have with you to
relevant regulatory, law enforcement and/or other competent authorities. We will disclose information about you to legal
authorities to the extent we are obliged to do so according to the law. We may also need to share your information in order to
enforce or apply our legal rights or to prevent fraud.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
(d) Business transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, user
information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing
Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the user consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that MEXC or substantially all of its
assets are acquired by a third party, user information will be one of the transferred assets.
(e) Protection of MEXC and others:
We release accounts and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or with our
regulatory obligations; enforce or apply our User Agreement and other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of
MEXC, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection
and credit risk reduction.
---
MEXC will not provide, sell, lease, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless we have obtained
your prior consent, unless the third party and MEXC (including our affiliates) individually or jointly has provided the service to
you, and after the end of the service, the access to such information, including all information that was once previously accessible,
will be denied. MEXC also does not allow any third parties to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any
means. If any MEXC user engages in the above activities, upon discovery, MEXC has the right to terminate the service agreement
with the user immediately.
---
INFORMATION STORAGE
The information and materials we collect about you will be kept on the servers of MEXC and/or its affiliated companies, and may
be transferred to countries, regions or places outside of the country where the information and materials were collected by MEXC,
and may be visited, stored and displayed outside the country where it originated from. By submitting your personal data, you agree
to this transfer, storing and/or processing. More information about the transfer out of the EU, of personal data and/or information
relating to users who are located in the EU, can be found in the section titled "Additional Provisions for EU Users Only".
---
■CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
To facilitate our global operations, MEXC may transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area
(“EEA”). Transfers outside of the EEA are sometimes referred to as “third country transfers”.
We may transfer your personal information to our Affiliates, third-party partners, and service providers based throughout the
world. In cases where we intend to transfer personal information to third countries or international organisations outside of the
EEA, MEXC puts in place suitable technical, organizational and contractual safeguards (including Standard Contractual Clauses),
to ensure that such transfer is carried out in compliance with applicable data protection rules.
We also rely on decisions from the European Commission where they recognise that certain countries and territories outside of the
European Economic Area ensure an adequate level of protection for personal information. These decisions are referred to as
"adequacy decisions”.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
■COOKIES
Installation of Cookies. When you visit the Platform, the Platform will use Google Stats via Cookies to record the Platform's
performance and check the effectiveness of online advertising. Cookies are a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and
stored in your computer hard drive. Only when you use your computer to access the Platform can the Cookies be sent to your
computer hard drive.
---
Your account is secure and protected, please preserve your account and password information properly. We will ensure that your
information is not lost, abused and altered by storing backups of other servers and encrypting the user passwords. In spite of the
aforementioned security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network. When
using our platform services for online trades, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or
postal address, to the counterparty or other potential counterparties. Please protect your personal information and provide it to
others only if necessary. If you find that your personal information have been leaked, especially your account and password, please
contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
---
We will retain personal data in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act and/or other applicable laws. That is, we will
destroy or anonymize your personal data when we have reasonably determined that (i) the purpose for which that the personal data
was collected is no longer being served by the retention of such personal data; (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any legal or
business purposes; and (iii) no other legitimate interests warrant further retention of such personal data. If you cease to use our
Services, we may continue storing, using and/or disclosing your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our
obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act and/or other applicable laws.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
EU-ONLY PROVISIONS
The provisions in this Section only apply if you are a user who is located in the European Union ("EU"). These provisions take
precedence over any inconsistent provisions in the remainder of this Privacy Policy.
Your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the EU. In such cases, we take all reasonable precautions to apply the
appropriate or suitable safeguards set forth by the GDPR, for example, we implemented measures such as appropriate contractual
clauses to ensure that the recipients of such transfers will protect and treat your personal data in accordance with all applicable
personal data protection laws.