DATA COLLECTION WHILE USING THE APPLICATION:

1. It is important to note that some of the data collected from you in connection with your use of the application is shared or
otherwise made available to third-parties who we are affiliated with, in its pseudonymized form, and is used by such third-parties
for marketing analytics purposes.

---

THIRD PARTY SERVICES:

1. Please note that your mobile service provider, mobile operating system provider, third party applications (including the
applications pre-loaded smart phones powered by Android platform), social media platforms and websites that you access may
also collect, use and share information about you and your usage.

2. We cannot control how these third parties collect, use, and share or secure this information. For information about third-party
privacy practices, please consult their respective privacy policies.

---

2. The following is the manner in which we collect, use, share and retain personal information: We collect data about your use of
the Super Browser Mini Application, such as, browsing history information. For example, Super Browser Mini Application stores
the URLs of pages that you visit a cache of text, images and other resources from those pages and a list of some of the IP
addresses linked from those pages and a list of some of the IP addresses linked from those pages.

---

HOW SUPER BROWSER MINI APPLICATION HANDLES YOUR INFORMATION FOR WEBSITE OPERATORS:

1. Sites that you visit using Super Browser Mini Application will automatically receive standard log information, including your
IP address and data from cookies or similar technologies.

---

LOCATION:

1. To get more geographically relevant information, Super Browser Mini Application gives you the option to share your location
with a site.

2. Super Browser Mini Application won't allow a site to access your location without your permission; however, on mobile
devices Super Browser Mini Application automatically shares your location with your default search engine if Super Browser
Mini Application app has permission to access your location and you have not blocked geo-location for the associated web site.

3. Super Browser Mini Application uses Google Location Services to estimate your location.

---

THE INFORMATION THAT SUPER BROWSER MINI APPLICATION SENDS TO GOOGLE LOCATION SERVICES MAY
INCLUDE:

1. The Wi-Fi routers closest to you, Mobile IDs of the mobile phone base stations closest to you, The IP address that is currently
assigned to your device, doesn't have control over third-party websites or their privacy practices, so be cautious when sharing
your location with a website.

2. Application periodically sends information to Google& other analytics to check for updates, get connectivity status, validate
the current time and to estimate the number of active users Search prediction service.

3. Super Browser Mini Application uses Google Location Services to estimate your location.

---

3. We seek this information either to Validate and process your request for the services of the Super Browser Mini Application or
information; To improve the quality of the Super Browser Mini Application, To assist you to determine which services best meet
your needs or To facilitate our internal business operations, including the fulfilment of any legal and regulatory requirements or
To provide you with recommendation about services you may be interested in, based on your use of the Super Browser Mini
Application or To provide you with marketing communications and advertising that the Super Browser Mini Application believe
may Sharing We may disclose personal information to our affiliates when necessary to perform services on our behalf or on your
behalf, to provide display advertising and promotional services, providing search results and links (including paid listings and
links), providing customer service etc. The usage data and statistics shall also be shared with 3rd parties or partners for analytics
or intelligence tools. We may also share personal information with external organizations or individuals if we believe that access,
use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process
or enforceable governmental request; Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; Protect against
harm to the rights, property or safety of our customers or the public, as required or permitted by law.

---

2. Any non-personal information, when clubbed with personal information shall be treated as personal information. The
following is the manner in which we collect, use, share and retain non-personal information Collection.

---

B. Sharing: To enable Super Browser Mini Application partners and third party developers to improve their software,
hardware and services designed for use with the Super Browser Mini Application, we may also provide any such partner or
third party developer with a subset of diagnostic information that is relevant to that partners or developers software,
hardware and/or services, as long as the diagnostic information is in a form that does not personally identify you.

---

D. Location Services: The Super Browser Mini Application, its licensees and agents, may access, collect and analyse your
usage of Super Browser Mini Application and other information related to your location on a regular basis through
Bluetooth and Wi-Fi signals and other technologies and data for the performance of the services provided by the Super
Browser Mini Application and to help improve the design, functionality, performance, and content of Super Browser Mini
Application. In order to collect geo-location information, the location settings must be enabled on your Device. Therefore,
in some cases, Super Browser Mini Application may request that you enable the location settings. Except in cases where
any specific services requested by you require or involve personal identification, Super Browser Mini Application collects
location data anonymously and in a form that does not personally identify you. By using the Super Browser Mini
Application, you agree and consent to transmission, collection, maintenance; processing and use of your location data and
queries to provide and improve such services of Super Browser Mini Application App.

---

THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, WEBSITES & SERVICES:

1. The Super Browser Mini Application may include links to other websites/applications or may display advertisements from
third parties and other content that links to third party websites. Such websites/applications are governed by their respective
privacy policies, which are out of Super Browser Mini Applications control.

2. Once you leave our servers, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the
website / application you are visiting. That policy may differ from that of the Super Browser Mini Application.

3. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of such websites /application via a link from the website's homepage, you should
contact the relevant website /application directly for more information.

---

LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES:

1. Super Browser Mini App may contain links to or feeds from other web sites/applications ("Linked Sites").

2. The Linked Sites are not under the control of the Company and the Company is not responsible for the contents of any Linked
Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site or any
information transmitted on a Linked Site.

3. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Company of the site or any association with its operators.

4. Any dealings with third parties (including advertisers) included within or available via a link from the Super Browser Mini
App or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms,
conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser
or other third party. The Company shall not be responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions.

---

4. YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR UNAUTHORISED
ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, ANY MATERIAL OR DATA SENT OR
RECEIVED OR NOT SENT OR RECEIVED, OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH Super Browser Mini
APP.

---

6. YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT THECOMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SERVICES SENT USING
AND/OR INCLUDED IN Super Browser Mini APP BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

---

2. Services originating from Super Browser Mini App may communicate with the servers from time to time to check for
available updates to the Services and to the functionality of Super Browser Mini App, such as bug fixes, patches, enhanced
functions, missing plug-ins and new versions (collectively, "Updates").