• Interactive Features. We may offer interactive features such as blogs and social media pages. We and others
who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive
features. Any content you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered "public" and is
not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the
risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own
purposes.
---
· Exercise data sharing To enjoy more exercise data recording experience, you can choose to share those data
to a third-party platform. For this purpose, we will collect the random identifiers generated when you use a
third-party platform. If you no longer require this feature, you can unregister the device and stop sharing. After
that we will delete such information.
---
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Analytics Information. We, as well as third parties that provide
content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other
technologies ("Technologies") to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are
essentially small data files placed on your device that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of
information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
---
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from third party servicesand
organizations.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Use De-identified and Aggregated Information. We may use personal information and other data about you to
create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-
identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other
analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use
and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any
other legally permissible purposes.
---
Share Content with Friends or Colleagues. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For
example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services. Our
referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email
inviting your friend to use our Services.
---
How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising,
or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to
automatically collect information through the Services. Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following
general categories:
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first party or third-party Technologies, including cross-device
tracking, to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third party sites.
---
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers. We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service
providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service
providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you
have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service
activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services.
Business Partners.We may provide personal information to business partners to provide you with a product or
service you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we
jointly offer products or services.[
](https://www.zepp.com/privacy-policy)Affiliates. We may share personal information with DaFit's affiliated
entities.
Advertising Partners. Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies
and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address,
cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this
information(and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted
advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks. This practice is commonly
referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising." If you prefer not to share your
personal information with third party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below.
APIs and Software Development Kits. We may use third party APIs and software development kits (“SDKs") as
part of the functionality of our Services. APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including advertising partners to
collect your personal information in order to provide content that is more relevant to you. For more
information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in
association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i)
comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or
subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv)
collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal
activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfer. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition,
financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of
service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as
permitted by law and/or contract.
---
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
To the extent that we may need to transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction, whether to our
affiliated companies or Third Party Service Providers, we shall do so in accordance with the applicable laws. In
particular, we will ensure that all transfers will be in accordance with requirements under your applicable local
data protection laws by putting in place appropriate safeguards. You will have the right to be informed of the
appropriate safeguards taken by DaFit for this transfer of your personal information.
All personal information collected via or by DaFit may be transferred, processed, stored anywhere in the world.
These overseas jurisdictions may or may not have in place data protection laws which are substantially similar
to that in your home jurisdiction. You have under stood that the risks under applicable data protection laws
are different and we may transfer to and store your personal information at overseas facilities. However, this
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
does not change any of our commitments to safeguard your personal information in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. Your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant
to a lawful request. By providing information to DaFit, you consent to the storage of your personal information
in these locations.
---
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising. You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your
device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. Please note that
cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized
advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for Android and iOS. The online
advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data
partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these
websites and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt out.asp, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, https://youradchoices.
ca/choices/,and www.aboutads.info/choices/. Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on
each device.
---
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are
processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive
an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
another company (the "right of data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal information;
(v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about you by
us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please
contact us as set forth below.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
All your personal information is stored on secure servers. We make sure that our employees and Third Party
Service Providers who access the information to help provide you with our Services are subject to strict
contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet such
obligations.
---
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES/APPLICATIONS
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference
or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the
privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or
approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications.
Providing personal information to third party websites or applications is at your own risk.
---
As described above, we collect the categories of personal information listed below. We receive this information
from you, your device, your use of the App and related products and services, third parties, and as otherwise
described in this policy. We use and disclose these categories of information for the business purposes
described above. The categories are:
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
We never sell the personal information of our users. We do work with partners who provide us with advertising
services as described above.