If your organization signed a Dropbox Business, Dropbox Services, or Dropbox
Enterprise Agreement with Dropbox, that Agreement may have modified the
privacy policy below. Please contact your organization's Admin for details.
---
We use cookies to provide, improve, protect and promote our services. Visit our
Privacy Policy and Privacy Policy FAQs to learn more. You can manage your
personal preferences, including your 'Do not sell or share my personal data to third
parties' setting using the “Customize cookies" button below.
---
Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel
tags to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. For example,
cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit,
understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them
based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but
this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems receive a DNT:1
signal from your browser, we'll respond to that signal as outlined here. We may
also use third-party service providers that set cookies and similar technologies
to promote Dropbox services. You can learn more about how cookies and similar
technologies work, as well as how to opt out of the use of them for advertising
purposes, here.
---
Recipient and viewer analytics. When you view content included in portions of
our Services that provide analytics to content owners, we collect information
including your identifying and device information, such as email addresses, IP
addresses, and device identifiers of devices you use to view the content. We also
collect information on how you interact with the viewed content, such as the
date and time you view the content, the number of times and length of time you
view the content, and which portions of the content you view.
---
We sometimes contact people who don't have a Dropbox account. For recipients
in the EU, we or a third party will obtain consent before reaching out. If you
receive an email and no longer wish to be contacted by Dropbox, you can
unsubscribe and remove yourself from our contact list via the message itself.
---
Bases for processing your data. We collect and use the personal data described
above in order to provide you with the Services in a reliable and secure manner.
We also collect and use personal data for our legitimate business needs. To the
extent we process your personal data for other purposes, we ask for your
consent in advance or require that our partners obtain such consent. For more
information on the lawful bases for processing your data, the categories of
personal information included, and how we use artificial intelligence and
machine learning, please see our FAQ.
---
With Whom
We may share information as discussed below, but we won't sell it to advertisers
or other third parties.
---
Others working for and with Dropbox. Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties
(for example, providers of customer support and IT services) for the business
purposes of helping us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.
These third parties will access your information to perform tasks on our behalf,
and we'll remain responsible for their handling of your information per our
instructions. For a list of categories of trusted third parties that we use to
process your personal data and more details on the categories of personal
information that we've disclosed, please see our FAQ.
---
Other Dropbox Companies. Dropbox shares infrastructure, systems, and
technology with other Dropbox Companies to provide, improve, protect, and
promote Dropbox Company Services. We process your information across the
Dropbox Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in
accordance with their terms and policies. For more information on Dropbox
Companies, Dropbox Company Services, and how your data is used, please see
our FAQ.
---
Other users. Our Services are designed to help you collaborate with others. If you
register your Dropbox account with an email address on a domain owned by
your employer or organization, join a Dropbox Team, or collaborate with other
Dropbox users, we may suggest you or your team as a potential collaborator to
other users or teams. For example, if you interact with a person at a company,
and that person frequently works with one of their coworkers, we may suggest
you as a potential collaborator for that coworker. Collaborators and potential
collaborators may see some of your basic information, like your name, Dropbox
Team name, profile picture, device, email address, and usage information. This
helps you sync up with teams you can join and helps other users share files and
folders with you.
---
Certain features let you make additional information available to others. For
example, if you view a file or folder shared from a feature that provides recipient
or viewer analytics to content owners, we will share your identifying information
such as name and email address, information on the device you used to view the
content, and for how long you viewed content and what portion of the content
you viewed with the owner of the file or folder. As another example, if you
comment on a file, your name and email will be associated with your comment
and visible to other people viewing that file, including logged-out viewers.
---
Other applications. You can choose to connect your Dropbox account with third-
party services--for example, via Dropbox APIs. By doing so, you're enabling
Dropbox and those third parties to exchange information about you and data in
your account so that Dropbox and those third parties can provide, improve,
protect, and promote their services. Please remember that third parties' use of
your information will be governed by their own privacy policies and terms of
service.
---
Team Admins. If you are a user of a Dropbox Team, your administrator may have
the ability to access and control your Dropbox Team account. Please refer to
your organization's internal policies if you have questions about this. If you aren't
a Dropbox Team user but interact with a Dropbox Team user (for example, by
joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user), members of that
organization may be able to view information about you (such as your name,
email address, and profile picture) and your interaction with the Dropbox Team
user (such as your IP address). If you share Your Stuff with a Dropbox Team user,
the administrator of the team account may have the ability to access and edit
what you share.
---
Law & Order and the Public Interest. We may disclose your information to third
parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a)
comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate
government request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury;
(c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; (d) protect Dropbox's rights,
property, safety, or interest; or (e) perform a task carried out in the public
interest.
---
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we embrace.
We believe that your data should receive the same legal protections regardless
of whether it's stored on our Services or on your home computer's hard drive.
We'll abide by the following Government Request Principles when receiving,
scrutinizing, and responding to government requests (including national security
requests) for your data:
•
Be transparent
• Fight blanket requests
•
Protect all users, and
---
We publish a Transparency Report as part of our commitment to informing you
about when and how governments ask us for information. This report details the
types and numbers of requests we receive from law enforcement. We encourage
you to review our Government Request Principles and Transparency Report for
more detailed information on our approach and response to government
requests.
---
Use of Data from Google APIs. Dropbox's use and transfer to any other app of
information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services
User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
---
Where
Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process, and
transmit data in the United States and locations around the world-including
those outside your country. Data may also be stored locally on the devices you
use to access the Services.
---
Data Transfers. When transferring data from the European Union, the European
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Dropbox relies upon a
variety of legal mechanisms, such as contracts with our customers and affiliates,
Standard Contractual Clauses, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK
Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework, and the European Commission's adequacy decisions about certain
countries, as applicable.
---
Data Privacy Frameworks. Dropbox, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-
U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding
the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union, the
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United
States. Dropbox, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it
adheres to the Principles of these Data Privacy Frameworks with respect to such
data, but this does not include the FormSwift portion of the Services. If there is
any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework
Principles, the Principles shall govern. In accordance with the Principles,
Dropbox, Inc. shall remain liable for onward transfers if a processor processes
personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles. To learn more about
the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov.
---
• Access and take your data elsewhere. You can access your personal data from
your Dropbox account and you can download a copy of Your Stuff in a
machine readable format as outlined here. You can also ask us for a copy of
personal data you provided to us or that we've collected, the business or
commercial purpose for collecting it, the types of sources we got it from, and
types of third parties we've shared it with.
---
Changes
If we're involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets,
your data may be transferred as part of that deal. We'll notify you (for example,
via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such
deal and outline your choices in that event.