Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless
required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you
promotional information about our offers which we think you may find interesting if
you tell us that you wish this to happen.
---
3. What data Zangi Messenger app collects and how it is used
3.1 User Profile name Name/ Surname/ Photo / Bio (Optional): Users can choose to
skip adding their Name/ Surname/ Photo / Bio in their Profile and communicate
absolutely anonymously, but when filled out, they are to be aware that the Name/
Surname/ Photo /Bio in Zangi Messenger Profile is shared with other Zangi users,
who knows the user's Zangi Private number. How? When you call or message each
other, Zangi shows the Name/ Surname / Photo of the sender in the conversation/
push/ call screen. All listed plus Bio are seen in the your profile when other users tap
on your profile avatar in the app. None of the listed is shared to any 3rd party outside
of the Zangi Messenger system except for legal compliance cases.
---
3.2 Copying the user's Phone book Contacts (Optional, with user Consent) within
the same device into Zangi Messenger's Contacts section located on the same
device, NOT leaving the user's device storage, NOT sent to the servers, NOT shared
to 3rd parties: In order to use the features "Invite Friends” → “Invite By SMS" and
"Invite" → "Invite By SMS” in Zangi Messenger, users need their Phone Book
Contacts to send invitations. To copy a user's Phone Book contacts into Zangi
Messenger app's Contact section, located on the user's phone storage, the app will
ask the user for permission within a pop-up, explaining the usage and with the
options to Accept or Decline. This will happen when the user has just installed the
---
3.3 Registration data and technical identifiers. On sign-up the app assigns the user
a country code, push token and device ID, as well as gets your device type and / or
model, operating system and Zangi app version. All listed in section 3.3 data is
securely stored on servers and is used for technical and support purposes unless
otherwise required by law.
---
C. Counter-Notice By Content Provider:
If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, we may send a copy of the
counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may
replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the
copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider,
member or user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 14
business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, solely at our discretion.
---
investigation/ suppoеnа / Court order requesting to share any available in the system
data, Zangi will share the following data of the suspected in the crime user:
registration date, account deletion date, last login date, name completed in the
profile, Bio, Premium subscription status, subscription transaction ID,
subscription/renewal date, device model, device platform and operating system
version, push token, Device ID, which is the real Device ID for Android and system
generated for iOS. If the user is an old user who has signed in via email/phone
number, also the sign-in email /phone number will be provided. Users with Zangi
virtual numbers starting with 10 DO NOT have any assigned email or phone number.
Authority requests supported by duly served supporting documents must be sent to
legal@zangi.com