1.2 Data collected and shared automatically
1.IP address: Collects device's IP address, which may be used to estimate
the general location of a device.
2.User product interactions: Collects user product interactions and
interaction information, including app launch, taps, and video views.
3.Diagnostic information: Collects information related to the performance
of your app and the SDK, including crash logs, app launch time, hang rate,
and energy usage.
---
All of the user data collected by Google Mobile Ads SDK is encrypted in
transit using the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.
---
1.4 Who do we share your data with?
We do not share your information with any third parties, except where we
need to in order to provide the service (e.g., use SMS service providers for
account validation; for mapping services; for other point-of-interest
services; using our affiliates around the world to help us to deliver Vone ) or
if we are instructed to by a court, authority or compelled by law. We use
these third party services solely to process or store your information for
the purposes described in this policy. Any third party (selected by us) with
whom we share user data is required to provide the same or equal
protection of user data as stated in this policy.
---
1.5 Where do we process your data?
Our servers are located in Hongkong. We also have support, engineering
and other teams that support the provision of Vone to you, located around
the world. Your data may be accessed from such locations. Rigorous
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to information that you
choose to disclose or submit to:
(a) Services other than Vone to which this privacy policy applies (e.g. other
products or services provided or operated by us or our associated
companies); and;
(b) Any third party services (including any third party websites) that you can
access through Vone; or
(c) A company or organization that promotes or provides products or
services on Vone .
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
1. "Location data" Is information derived from your GPS, Wi-Fi, compass,
accelerometer, IP address, or public post that contains location
information.Location information will be disclosed to us or other users, or
both, when:
• When you use location-based features (such as "People Nearby", "Live
Nearby", "Nearby News", "Add Location to Published Content", etc.) and
share your location with other Vone users. If you refuse to provide this
information, you will not be able to use the above features normally;
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
4. "Share information" It refers to the information about or related to you
that you voluntarily share on Vone .Shared information may include your
VoneContent published on (including personal data disclosure, lists you
create, and photos, videos, or recordings accessed through your device's
camera and / or microphone sensors with your prior consent), any content
you republish that has been published by others, and location data and log
data associated with such publications.Shared information also includes
information about you (including location data and log data) shared by
others who are using Vone .
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
4. Shared information - profile data. Any information you include in your
publicly visible Vone profile may include your profile ID, name and photo.
Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you
to provide your Vone personal data and provide Vone services.
---
5. Shared information - profile media. This kind of information includes all
the information you provide to other users through Vone, including: Vone
circle of friends and video dynamic posts, and responses to other users'
Vone circle of friends and video dynamic posts; Another user uses the
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
friends, video updates, and using Vone to communicate with you and others.
---
7. Chat data. What you communicate with another user or group of
users.This data is stored on your device and on the device of the user to
whom you send communications.We don't store this information
permanently on our servers, we just transmit it through our servers to
distribute it to the users you choose to send communications to. Legal
basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you to
provide Vone chat service.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
10. Location information. See definition above. Legal basis (EEA) It is
necessary for us to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Vone
location related services.Please note that if you use products and services
that require location information.
• Reason:For security, fraud detection, and account management
purposes (for example, to ensure that your account does not have
multiple or suspicious logins); Provide you with the location-based
services you choose to use: Share location (when you choose to share
your location with other users during the chat process); Nearby people,
floating bottles (these are location-based services, you can choose to
use these services to disclose your approximate location within a limited
period of time, and you can choose to clear these location data at any
time); Search (if you use Vone to search, the service will use your
location to provide you with relevant local information); Provides
languages and custom locations.Please note that we only use this
information within vone to provide you with the above-mentioned
security and anti-fraud services, share your location with friends, match
nearby users/live broadcasts/dynamics, etc. This information is sensitive
information and only your approximate location will be obtained instead
of your precise real-time location, and we will not share your location
information with third parties.
---
12. Device data. Media stored on your device. Legal basis (EEA) It is
necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Vone
services.
• Reason:Promote the sharing of this media through Vone.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
logging in to Vone through your social media account. If you publish
content in your circle of friends or video dynamics and you choose to
share it with an authenticated third-party social media account, Vone
will help.
---
14. Investigation. If you decide to participate in the survey, we will ask you
for some personal information.We may engage a service provider to
conduct these surveys and will let you know before you complete the
survey. Legal basis (EEA) We will collect this information after obtaining
your consent.
---
16. Kana and aggregate data. We will anonymize and aggregate certain
personal information to improve our services Legal basis (EEA) It is in our
legitimate interest to ensure the safety of our services, manage registration
and improve our services.
• Reason:Analyze the function or operation obtained and used in the
application to improve the application experience Fraud detection and
account security analysis Conduct user demographic analysis (e.g.,
region, mobile phone model, operating system platform, system
language and Vone version) for multiple projects to better understand
how our users use Vone The network and account traffic statistics of
the content and service used by users to access third-party services
through Vone open platform are carried out, so as to report the basic
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
17. Personal information in your content
• If any of your personal information constitutes your content (see the
《Vone terms of service》), we and our associated companies may
(subject to this Privacy Policy) use this type of personal information in
the "your content" section of the 《Vone terms of service》.
---
2.4 Who do we share your information with?
We will not transfer your personal information to any other third party
unless otherwise specified below or you agree to do so.
Only if necessary, we will share your information with selected recipients
with a legal basis and effective jurisdiction to request such data. The
categories of these recipients include:
• Government, public sector, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement
agencies or agencies:In some cases, we are required by law to disclose
information (including performing legal obligations or procedures, such as
court orders, subpoenas or other legal writs, or enforcing our terms, dealing
with matters related to security or fraud, or protecting our users), but only
the requester with effective jurisdiction can obtain your personal
information;
• Related companies: we will share your personal information in our
company for the following purposes. The company runs Vone of Hongkong
server HAPPY SYSTEM LIMITED:
• To provide you with Vone, help us achieve the above_"How we use your
information"_To perform our obligations and exercise our powers in
accordance with the Vone terms of service or this privacy policy;
• If we or our affiliated companies carry out internal restructuring, or we
sell Vone or any of its assets to a third party, the subject of subsequent
operation of Vone may no longer be us. In this case, we will transfer your
information accordingly so that you can continue to use the service;
• Service providers: service providers that assist us to provide, improve or
promote other products or functions through our services. Service
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
telephone service card processing and verification, and translation service
providers.We will also hire service providers in your region to help speed up
the delivery of content to you with the help of acceleration points and
content delivery networks; and provide location and map data.Any third-
party service provider (selected by us) with whom we share user
information must provide the same or the same level of user information
protection standards as described in this policy; and it is prohibited to
retain, use or disclose your information (unless it is necessary to provide
services to us);
• A third party that acquires us or all or most of our business.When we sell
or acquire any business, enter into a merger, form a partnership, or sell part
or all of our assets, we may disclose your information to potential buyers of
the business.In such cases, we will always require potential buyers to
comply with this privacy policy.
---
1. Sharing information
Vone enables you to publicly share certain information with your Vone
contacts and other Vone users. You can always unselect "allow me to find
me through Twitter, line or facebook" in your account settings to hide your
personal data, so as to avoid public viewing and searching. This means that
other Vone users will not be able to find you. We refer to these types of
information as shared information. As long as you or users who have shared
it retain it, the shared information will remain publicly visible.Even after you
delete the shared information, other users or third parties that are not
affiliated with us and are not under our control may cache, copy, store, or
keep it public separately.
If you have requested us to erase our published personal information for
you and there are reasons for erasing it, we will take reasonable steps to
try to tell other people who currently display your personal information or
provide links to it to erase it as well.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
3. Sensitive personal information
In some jurisdictions, certain types of personal information (for example,
about your race or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical views, or
personal health information) can be classified as "sensitive information" or
more strictly controlled than other types of personal information.Please
note that the content and information you enter into Vone (such as photos
or information about your school or social activities) may reveal your
sensitive personal information to others.
Before you exchange any personal information of a sensitive nature in Vone,
consider whether it is appropriate to do so.
By publishing any sensitive personal information in Vone, you agree that you
will provide such information within the control you select (for example, to
the audience you select to view your post or profile information).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2.7 How to share your data outside of Vone
Some Vone related features allow you to provide shared information to
audiences outside the Vone Network - for example, publicly accessible
blogs and forums, or certain social media features in Vone allow you to
republish and disclose shared information.If you use these features to
share information, it may be read or used by third parties not related to us.
You can also associate your Vone contact list with the contact list on your
device and / or in the third-party service account to search for and
establish contact with the same Vone account in these contact lists.Prior to
that, Vone will ask for your permission to access your contact list.
---
2.8 Using Vone to access and import information
Vone allows you to associate Vone services with selected third-party social
media services and import certain content and information from these
third-party services. For example:
• You can share content on Vone or log in to Vone using services provided
by a third party. These third-party services validate you and give you the
option to share certain personal information with us. They may also offer
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• You can sign in to Vone using other registration services, such as
providers. These registration services verify your identity and provide you
with the option to share certain personal information, such as your name
and email address, with us for account registration and login purposes; and
• Vone may provide you with links or features (via banner ads, pop-up
windows, or other means in Vone) to access third-party services or
websites (or Vone content hosted in those third-party services or
websites).For example, you can access videos hosted by a third party
without leaving the Vone application.
• Third party social media platforms are hosted by relevant third
parties. The Vone service is hosted by us. Third parties providing third-party
services may collect your information (including your personal information
and log data) and set cookies on your computer or device to make these
functions work properly.
• Your use of any third party services (social media services or other
services), including any personal information provided by you to such third
parties, as well as their collection and use of your personal information, are
subject to the relevant third party's own terms of service and privacy
policies, not the Vone terms of service》 Or this privacy policy, so please
check these third party terms carefully.
However, please note that if you ask us not to share this information with
third parties, you may no longer be able to use the corresponding services
or functions. We are not responsible for any information provided to you by
any third party.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2.10 Where do we process your data?
1. Vone will transfer the personal information collected from you to the
following locations and store or process the information:
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
4. Personal information and profile media (accessible to all users)
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
---
5. Personal information (all users can view)
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
---
6. Other account security
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however,
data cached in third party services may still be available).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
11. Trends and collections -- data and media
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
---
12. Personal facial information
○ Period: Until you request to delete or revise your personal
information, or your account number is deleted, whichever is earlier
(however, data cached in third-party services may still be available).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
1. Access and correction
Vone will provide you with information on your request to tell you whether
we hold any of your personal information. You also have the right to access
our personal information about you and to know how we use them and with
whom we share them.In addition, you have the right to correct the
information.
---
For a correction request, if we agree that the relevant personal information
is inaccurate or incomplete, we will try to tell any third party to whom we
have disclosed such relevant personal information so that they can also
correct the personal information.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
If you have requested us to erase our published personal information for
you and there is a reason to erase it, we will take reasonable steps to try to
tell other people who currently display your personal information or provide
links to it to also erase it.
---
If we agree to stop processing personal information, we will try to tell any
third party to whom we have disclosed such relevant personal information
so that they can also stop processing the personal information.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
4. Portability
You are entitled to receive copies of certain personal information we
collect from you. Process your personal information (including any personal
information you choose to post, including personal data) according to our
personal data collection (including any personal information you choose to
publish, including personal data) according to our privacy policy. You have
the right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and
machine recognizable format. You also have the right to ask us to transmit
these personal information to the other party.
If you want us to transfer personal information to a third party, please make
sure to specify the recipient in detail.Please note that we will only do so if it
is technically feasible.When a third party receives personal information, we
are no longer responsible for its security or handling.We may also not
provide certain personal information to you if it interferes with the rights of
another party (for example, providing personal information we hold about
you may reveal information about another person or our trade secrets or
intellectual property rights).