• Data automatically collected or generated: when someone visits, interacts with or
uses our Services, including any e-mail or text messages sent to them by us or via our
Services, we may collect or generate technical data about them. We collect or generate
such data either independently or with the help of third-party services (as detailed in
Sections 5 below). Such data consists of connectivity, technical or aggregated usage
data, such as IP address, device advertiser ID, non-identifying data regarding the device,
operating system, browser version, locale and language settings used, the cookies and
pixels installed on such device, and the activity (clicks and other interactions) of Users
within our Services.
---
• Data received from Facebook, Google and other channels: If you choose to connect
your Facebook, Google, or Apple account to our Services, we will receive access to your
full name and user ID on Facebook, Google, or Apple. You may also choose to allow us to
access your images saved on such services, so that you could fetch these images and
use them on our Services. Such access will also allow us to collect the following
parameters (to the extent available there and only if you defined them as "public"): your
profile picture, gender, date of birth, comments on our company page, tags and tagged
pictures, locale and time zone. In addition, we or our advertising partners may receive
from Facebook, Google and our other marketing channels general information
concerning the performance of our advertising campaigns, such as the targeted age
group or interests, and we or our partners may be able to link such general data to any
other data in our possession.
---
• Transaction Data: Our Services allow you to place purchases. Currently all purchases
must be completed either with a credit card or via PayPal, which will then provide us with
limited data concerning your order. We will not collect or store your financial data, e.a..
your credit card numbers or bank account. However, we may still receive your n
financial personal data related to your order, such as your name, PayPal username,
---
To manage and deliver advertisements more
effectively, including contextual, behavioural and
interests-based advertising based on your
activity on or interaction with our Services, and
based on your preferences or other data
available to us or to our business partners,
including for re-targeting purposes.
---
To create aggregated statistical data, inferred
non-personal data or anonymized or
pseudonymized data (rendered non-personal),
which we or our business partners may use to
provide and improve our respective services or
for any other business purpose.
---
To enforce our Terms of Service, to resolve
disputes, to carry out our obligations and
enforce our rights, and to protect our business
interests and the interests and rights of third
parties.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We and our authorized Service Providers (defined below) maintain, store and process personal data in
the United States, Israel, and other locations as reasonably necessary for the proper performance and
delivery of our Services, or as may be required by law.
---
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Greetings Island and its affiliates and Service
Providers are each committed to protect personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy,
customary industry standards, and such appropriate lawful mechanisms and contractual terms
requiring adequate data protection, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in the
jurisdiction from which such data originated. For data transfers from the EU, the UK, or Switzerland to
countries that are not considered to be offering an adequate level of data protection by the relevant
data protection authority, we and the relevant data exporters and importers enter into Standard
Contractual Clauses (“SCC”), you can obtain a copy by contacting us as indicated in Section 12 below.
---
5.Data Disclosure
We may disclose your personal data in the following instances:
Service Providers: we may engage selected business partners, third-party companies and
individuals, affiliates, subcontractor and sub-processors (collectively “Service Provide
services complementary to our own (e.g., hosting services, data analytics services, marketing
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
agencies and advertising services and tools, generative Al imaging services, data and cybersecurity
services, fraud detection and prevention services, payment processing, IT and system administration
services, user engagement services, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording
services, and our business, legal, financial and compliance advisors, etc.). These Service Providers may
have access to some or all of your personal data processed by us, depending on each of their specific
roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use it for such purposes. >
---
Third-Party Websites and Services: our Services may include links to third-party websites, and
integrations with third-party services, such as the ability to connect your Facebook, Google or Apple
account to the Services, or your PayPal account to make purchases. Such websites and third-party
services, and any information you process, submit, transmit or otherwise use with such websites and
third-party services, are beyond the scope of Greetings Island's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
and will therefore be governed by such third-party's terms and privacy practices and policies, and not
by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the terms and privacy policies of such
websites and third-party services.
---
Legal Compliance: in exceptional circumstances, we may disclose or allow government and law
enforcement officials access to your personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or
court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, with or
without notice to you. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that: (a) we are
legally compelled to do so; (b) disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate,
prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing; or (c)
such disclosure is required to protect our legitimate business interests, including the security or
integrity of our products and Services.
---
Protecting Rights and Safety: we may disclose your personal data to others if we believe in good faith
that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Greetings Island, any of our Users or
any members of the general public.
---
Greetings Island Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies; Change of Control: We may disclose
personal data internally within our family of companies and affiliates for the purposes described in this
Privacy Policy. In addition, should Greetings Island or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control
or ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of its assets, your personal data
may be shared (to the extent necessary and customary) with the parties involved in such an event. If
we believe that such event might materially affect your personal data then stored with us, we will notify
you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail or prominent notice on our Services.
---
Additional Disclosure: we may disclose your personal data in additional manners, pursuant to your
request or explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered
such data non-personal, non-identifiable and anonymous. We may transfer, disclose or otherwise use
non-personal and non-identifiable data at our sole discretion and without the need for fur+'-
approval.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
For the purposes of the CCPA, in the past 12 months, we may have disclosed Identifiers; Identifiers;
Customer Record Information; Internet or other electronic network activity information; Commercial
Information; Geolocation Data; Inferences; and Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory information
to Service Providers, Greetings Island Affiliated Companies, for Legal Compliance, or to Protect Rights
and Safety. We may have disclosed identifiers and Customer Record Information with Third-Party
Websites and Services.
---
[SECTION: 6. Cookies and Tracking Technologies]
Our Sites and Services (including some of our Service Providers) utilize “cookies”, anonymous
identifiers, pixels, container tags and other technologies in order for us to provide and monitor the use
of our Services and Sites, to ensure that they perform properly, to analyze our performance and
marketing activities, and to personalize your experience. Such cookies and similar files or tags may
also be temporarily placed on your device. Certain cookies and other technologies serve to recall
personal data, such as an IP address, as indicated by a User.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 8. Data Security]
In order to protect your personal data held with us and our Service Providers, We and our Service
Providers implement systems, applications and procedures to secure your personal data, to minimize
the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These
measures provide sound industry-standard security, however, please be aware that regardless of any
security measures used, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of any
personal data stored with us or with any third parties.
---
[SECTION: 9. Data Subject Rights]
Individuals have rights concerning their personal data. Please contact us by e-mail at:
privacy@GreetingsIsland.com if you wish to exercise your privacy rights under any applicable law,
including the EU or UK GDPR, the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the
Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (CTDPA). Such rights may include
(to the extent available to you under the laws which apply to you) the right to know/request access to
(specific pieces of personal data collected; categories of personal data collected; categories of
sources from whom the personal data was collected; purpose of collecting personal data; categories
of third parties with whom we have shared personal data), to request correction or erasure of your
personal data held with Greetings Island, or to restrict or object to such personal data's processing
(including the right to direct us not to sell or share your personal data to third parties now or in the
future or the right to opt-out of processing personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, as
explained below) or to obtain a copy or port such personal data, or the right to equal services and
prices (e.g. freedom from discrimination) (each to the extent available to you under the laws which
apply to you). Under some regulatory frameworks, such as the GDPR, you may also have the right to
lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority, as applicable. These rights are also subject
to various exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws. We will not charge a fee to p
respond to your verifiable privacy request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly ㄴ.
we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Please also note that if you request deletion of your personal data, we may deny your request or may
retain certain elements of your personal data if it is necessary for us or our service providers. We will
provide details of our reasoning to you in our correspondence on the matter
---
Please also note that some of your personal data may be processed by other parties acting as ‘data
controllers', such as Facebook and Google. For any requests to exercise such rights with respect to
such parties' processing activities, please contact the relevant party directly.
---
[SECTION: 10. Data Controller/Processor]
Certain data protection laws and regulations, such as the EU and UK GDPR or the CCPA, typically
distinguish between two main roles for parties processing personal data: the “data controller” (or
under the CCPA, “business”), who determines the purposes and means of processing; and the “data
processor” (or under the CCPA, “service provider”), who processes the data on behalf of the data
controller (or business). Below we explain how these roles apply to our Services, to the extent that
such laws and regulations apply.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Policy. Our Service Providers (described in Section 5) processing such data will assume the role of
“data processor” (or “service provider” as defined under the CCPA).
---
[SECTION: 11. Opt-Out of Sale and Sharing/Targeted Advertising]
Our disclosure of certain internet activity and device information with third parties through cookies or
pixels may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information or processing for purposes of
“targeted advertising” as such terms are defined under US State Privacy laws. We do so in pursuit of
the business and commercial purposes described in Section 2 above.
---
In the last 12 months we have "sold" or "shared" or processed for targeted advertising, Internet or other
electronic network activity information, Geolocation Data, and Commercial Information of Users with
our analytics and advertising partners and service providers.
---
You may opt out of all cookies that may result in a “sale” and/or “sharing” of your personal information
or processing for purposes of targeted advertising in the following ways:
• On the banner that appears when you visit our website (depending on your location and activity on
our Services), select “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” and then switch the toggle
“Share or Sale of Personal Information” off, and click the “Confirm My Choices” button.
• Click the “Your Privacy Choices” button (available in our website's footer), and switch the toggle
“Share or Sale of Personal Information” off, and then click the “Confirm My Choices” ┣----
Please note: If you visit us from a different device or browser, or clear cookies, then yo
return to this screen to re-select your preferences.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Set the Global Privacy Control (GPC) for each participating browser system that you use to opt out
of the use of third-party Advertising cookies (instructions on how to download and use GPC are
available here).
---
External links: while our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not
responsible for their privacy practices, and encourage you to pay attention and to read the privacy
policies of each and every website and service you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services.
---
EU/UK Representative: Greetings Island has appointed Prighter Group with its local partners as our
privacy representative and your point of contact for the European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom
(UK). Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g., requests to access or
erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative, Prighter, or make use of your
data subject rights, please visit the following site: https://prighter.com/q/14157699. If you are a GDPR-
protected individual, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority.