BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING, ACCESSING, CLICKING ON 'I AGREE' OR OTHERWISE USING OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (as
defined below), YOU (1) INDICATE THAT YOU ARE OF LEGAL CONTRACTUAL AGE, AND (2) YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL CAPACITY
TO EXECUTE THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THAT YOU HAVE EXECUTED IT THROUGH A LEGAL GUARDIAN OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE (as the case
may be), AND (3) YOU AGREE TO CONTRACT ELECTRONICALLY WITH KAHA, AND (4) THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND CONSENTED
TO THE TERMS CONTAINED AND THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND (5) THAT YOU PARTICULARLY
CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, PROCESSING, COPYING, BACKUP, STORAGE, TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR DATA BY KAHA AND ITS
ASSOCIATED PARTIES OR ITS CONTRACTORS / SUB-CONTRACTORS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, FROM AND TO THE UNITED STATES, EUROPE,
SINGAPORE, INDIA OR OTHER COUNTRIES OR JURISDICTIONS POTENTIALLY OUTSIDE OF YOUR OWN.

---

KaHa takes Your privacy very seriously and care about how Your personal information is used and shared. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as
it details the information we collect from you, how we use and share Your information, how you can control the use of your personal data, and how
your personal data is protected when you use our products and services. We do not sell or trade your personally identifiable information.

---

1. Definitions
1.2 "Your Nominees" means (1) an individual nominated by You in one or more of our Products or Services and includes, without limitation, Your
fitness buddies, parents, family members, and guardians, and (2) the individuals and organisations that You have consented to share Your
information with in one or more of our Products or Services, and includes, without limitation, healthcare providers, doctors, hospitals etc. who
remotely monitor You.

---

b. If you register to our Products or Services through a third-party website or services such as, without limitation, Google or Facebook, then
We may receive Your images/photos and other information available about You on such third-party website. We may also receive information
about you from publicly and commercially available sources (as permitted by law). We may also receive information about you from our eco-
system and commercial partners, and third-party social networking services when you choose to connect or register with those services.
Further, please note where you have permitted such third-parties (including without limitation Google and/or Facebook and/or WhatsApp) to

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

collect Your usage and other data from other mobile applications, then such data shall be collected by them from our Application as well. KaHa
is not responsible for the data collected or the privacy practices of such third-parties and Your use of such third-parties services is subject to
the terms of use, privacy policies and any additional guidelines prescribed by such third-parties.

---

c. Wherever You have nominated or given consent, some or all of your Personal Data may be visible to Your Nominees. Where You have
nominated one or more of Your Nominees, You provide us Your Nominee's details such, without limitation, Your Nominee's name, phone
number, email-id etc. If you provide us with any Personal Data relating to Your Nominees, by submitting such information to us, you represent
to us that you have obtained the consent of Your Nominee(s) to provide us with their Personal Data for the respective purposes. Using certain
features in our Products and/or Services, You may choose to share messages, including without limitation, on one or more social media
platforms. KaHa has access to all messages that are generated or shared using our Products or Services.

---

3.4 Marketing - We may also use your information to provide or market to you about our or our Associated Party (ies)'s existing and/or new
products or services, including but not limited to, updates, offers, special offers, newsletters, promotions, service upgrades, loyalty, reward, and
marketing programmes and/or membership programmes (including, without limitation, sending of updates, event invitations, newsletters and
marketing and promotional information to you pursuant to such programmes), which may be relevant to your preferences and profile, and by all
possible modes of communication, if you have provided your prior consent or we are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law.

---

Third Party Service Providers: We work with third parties who provide services to us. We may share your Personal Data with such third parties, as
may be necessary, for the purpose of enabling such third parties discharge the provision of such services. These third-party service providers
may be located within or outside India, subject to permitted data transfers under applicable law. Your Personal Data may also be shared with the
manufacturer of the products ordered/ purchased by you or with entities responsible for delivering the products ordered / purchased by you. All
such third parties are contractually bound to protect your information and use it only for specified purposes.

---

3.7 Publish your reviews, comments and content - Where you upload or otherwise make available publicly Your reviews, comments or content to
or about our Products or Services, then KaHa may link to, publish or publicize these materials elsewhere including in our own advertisements.

---

3.8 Furthermore, where permitted under applicable laws, KaHa may also collect, use and disclose your Personal Data for the following "Additional
Purposes": (a) taking or filming photographs and videos for corporate publicity or marketing purposes, and featuring your photographs and/or
testimonials in our articles and publicity materials; (b) organising roadshows, tours, campaigns and promotional or events and administering
contests and competitions; (c) matching Personal Data with other data collected for other purposes and from other sources (including third
parties) in connection with the provision or offering of Products or Services; (d) In relation to particular services or in your interactions with us,
we may also have specifically notified you of other purposes for which we collect, use or disclose your Personal Data. If so, we will collect, use
and disclose your Personal Data for these additional purposes as well, unless we have specifically notified you otherwise; (e) any other purposes
relating to any of the above.

---

4. To whom do we disclose your Personal Data

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

You may share certain of Your Personal Data with Your Nominees. For example, You may share Your location with Your Nominees. You may also share Your health and
fitness data with Your Nominees. Where You have opted or consented to use certain features that require You to nominate some people as
your fitness buddies, family members, then Your Nominees may be able to see some data that they can view. Your Nominees may see your
details at all times. Where You have opted to use the safety notification feature on the Application, then upon Your raising of an alarm, Your
Nominees will be able to track Your location in real-time. If you activate the 'Find my Phone' feature, you allow another User's COVENET®
Network to reach Your location and assist You. In such cases, such user will have access to Your location and profile photo to personally identify
You. Where You have opted to share Your information with any of Your Nominees and/or contacts, You may share Your information with them. For
example, You may share Your information with Your Nominees and/or Your contacts through a third-party mobile application or
service (for example through What's app, Facebook or Google) and in such cases Your information may be displayed and disclosed to public by
You.
4.2 Third-parties of KaHa - We may employ our subsidiaries/Affiliates, third party entities and individuals to facilitate our Products or Services
(e.g. maintenance, analysis, audit, marketing and development). Further, KaHa also provides certain products & services in association with its
strategic and business partners. Such DESIGNEES may in compliance with the applicable laws of the land, for their services have limited access to
your information to provide the products or services requested by you or to perform tasks on our behalf or as contractually agreed or as
mandated by the applicable laws of the land and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purpose. All of our approved third-party service
providers go through a vetting process before being selected and are bound by all relevant data privacy laws and terms of confidentiality.
4.3 Third-party mobile applications – Where You have opted to link / integrate our Products or Services with another third-party product/service
(for example, without limitation, Google Fit or Apple Health), then we may share relevant information with such third-party as may be required for
such linkage/integration. The steps shall also happen when you have voluntarily shared your information available on our product/service (such as
calories count or number of steps completed) with another person on a third-party mobile application (such as WhatsApp).
4.4 Business transfers - Where KaHa (or substantially all of KaHa's assets are) acquired, or if KaHa is reorganized, Personal Data would be one
of the assets transferred to or acquired by a successor/third party. In the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to
control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used. We will try to inform You of the same by posting on its website and/or this
Privacy Policy or other means, so that You can delete Your
user/device/account with KaHa if You choose to do so. We recommend that You regularly check our website and this Privacy Policy for any
updates.
4.5 Legal Requirement – There may be instances when we disclose Your information to comply with the law or respond to compulsory legal
process or to protect the safety, property, or rights of KaHa, our business partners, or customers. There may be instances when we disclose Your
information to any of our respective affiliates, business partners, or customers. Please rest assured We will share Your information only after conducting a due
diligence of the legal request and only sharing specific and relevant information.

---

5.2 The information collected by us or our Associated Parties may recognise a visitor as a unique user and may collect information such as how a
visitor arrives at our sites, what kind of browser a visitor is on, what operating system a visitor is using, a visitor's IP address and
a visitor's click stream information and time stamp (for example, which pages they have viewed, the time the pages were accessed and the time
spent on each page).

---

(a) Cookies are small text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) placed in the memory of your browser or device when you visit a
website or view a message. Cookies allow a website to recognize a particular device or browser. There are several types of cookies:
o Session cookies expire at the end of your browser session and allow us to link your actions during that particular browser session.
o Persistent cookies are stored on your device in between browser sessions, allowing us to remember your preferences or actions across
multiple sites.
o Third-party cookies are set by third parties that are separate from the site you are visiting.

---

8. Links to Other Websites
The Application may contain links to other websites/applications that are owned and/or operated by third-parties. KaHa is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of other websites or applications. Such websites/applications/content is subject to the terms of use, privacy
policies and any additional guidelines prescribed by such third-parties. We recommend that you check the privacy policy and terms of use of
each website/application you visit to better understand your rights and obligations especially when you are submitting any type of content on
those third-party website/application. Please contact the owner or operator of such website/application if you have any concerns or questions.