1.1 Controller within the meaning of data protection law

During the data processing described in this Privacy Policy, Gimica GmbH (Gimica)
and JustPlay GmbH (JustPlay) (hereinafter the “Controllers“) work closely together
to provide our users with Gimica's game apps and JustPlay's associated rewards
program. This also concerns the processing of personal data relating to you. In this
regard, Gimica and JustPlay as the Controllers are jointly responsible (Art. 26 GDPR)

---

for the protection of the personal data they process to the extent described below
(2.1 – 2.5).

---

Within the scope of their joint responsibility under data protection law, the
Controllers have agreed between themselves which one of them fulfils which
obligations under the GDPR and have specified this in a written agreement. The
essence of this agreement can be found provided to you upon request.

---

1.2 Data Protection Officer

Proliance GmbH / www.datenschutzexperte.de
Data Protection Officer
Leopoldstraße 21, 80802 Munich, Germany
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de

---

2.2 Information collected during download of the apps.

When you download the apps, certain required information is transmitted to the
app store you have selected (Google Play Store, Apple App Store). To our
knowledge, this includes your IP address, unique device ID, location, date and time
of the request, time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), content of the
request (specific page), access status/HTTP status code, amount of data
transmitted in each case, app usage data, operating system and its interface
language. We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for
it. The contract is concluded with the respective provider of the store and is handled
in accordance with their terms and conditions as well as their privacy policy. Within
the scope of your use of the stores, we only process the reviews and associated
data published by you on our apps and receive anonymous statistics via the stores,
e.g., on download figures, uninstalls and crashes.

---

This data is collected in order to provide you with the service and related functions
and to prevent and resolve misuse and malfunctions. To do so we use our service
provider IPQualityScore, LLC to estimate fraud risks and our service provider
Ipregistry: PSI IPV Ltd, Oxford, UK to determine the country from which a user logs in
based on the IP address.

---

If you use the JustPlay App, we collect information on your progress in the different
game apps of Gimica as well as your advertising data (see below) and connect this
data with you via identifiers (e.g. GAID / Google App Set ID/IDFA / IDFV / JustPlay
User ID). To do so we use our service provider AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill
Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304.

---

Our apps are hosted by Google Cloud Services, offered by Google Cloud EMEA Ltd.,
as a hosting service provider that processes data on servers in several global
locations. Personal data collected through the apps is stored on the hoster's
servers. We have concluded a Data Processing Agreement with the provider in
accordance with the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR, in which they commit to protect
the data of our customers and not to pass them on to third parties without being
instructed accordingly by us.

---

For the purpose of managing our customers, we may process user data in internally
used systems. We base this data processing on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. and f. GDPR. We
use our service providers Google Cloud EMEA Ltd., 70 Sir John Rogerson's
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland and Metabase, Inc 9740 Campo Rd. Suite 1029, Spring Valley,
CA 91977 for this purpose.

---

In this context, we use our service providers Google Cloud EMEA Ltd., 70 Sir John
Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, Twilio Ireland Limited, 3 Dublin Landings, North
Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland and Zendesk, Inc, 1019 Market Street San Francisco
California 94103, USA.

---

You can download our apps from the app store without registering with us. Personal
data is not collected for us in the course of downloading the apps (cf. above). Nor is
any personal data passed on to us by the apps store provider. If you want to use
pay out functionalities, further details are required to process the payment. The
processing of the payment is handled by external payment service providers. The
user payment data is transferred to the payment provider.

---

If you are using certain payout options in our JustPlay App we may ask for your full
name and address details and pass this information to the external payment
service provider. The payment providers are either PayPal: 2211 N 1st St, San Jose, CA,
USA, Tangocard: 4700 42nd Ave SW #430, United States or Tremendous: 592 Union
St Ste 502, San Francisco, California, 94123, United States. However, please note that
we do not process your payment data and bank account details but use external
providers that handle the payments.

---

3. Data transfer and recipients

Your personal data is not transferred to third parties, unless

• we have explicitly pointed this out in the description of the respective data
processing.
• you have given your explicit consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
• the transfer pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR is necessary for the assertion,
exercise or defence of legal claims and our legitimate interests are not overridden
by your fundamental rights and freedoms.
• there is a legal obligation to transfer data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c
GDPR, or required by Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR for the execution of
contractual relationships with you.

---

In addition, we use external service providers for the processing of our services,
whom we have carefully selected and commissioned in writing. They are bound by
our instructions and are regularly monitored by us. In particular, these contracts
concern app-hosting services, the dispatch of emails and IT updates and
maintenance.

---

When you use our apps, your data may also be processed in third countries outside
the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) without an
adequate level of data protection.

---

To ensure an adequate level of data protection when transferring your data to third
countries, standard contractual clauses of the European Commission are
concluded in accordance with Art. 46 (2) lit. c DSGVO. They oblige the recipient of
the data to process it in accordance with the European level of protection. A copy of
the standard contractual clauses can be requested via the contact channels
indicated above.

---

If the standard data protection clauses alone are not sufficient to ensure the level of
protection, additional technical, contractual or organizational measures are taken
to safeguard the transfer of data. Furthermore, it is regularly reviewed and
evaluated whether these additional measures continue to ensure a sufficient level
of data protection or whether further supplementary measures may need to be
taken.

---

Your personal data might also be transferred to such third countries on the basis of
another legal derogation in accordance with Chapter V GDPR (inter alia an
adequacy decision by the Commission).

---

To the extent that we grant other parties access to information collected via our
apps, they are expected to follow privacy practices no less protective than our
practices to the extent allowed by applicable law.

---

• The right, pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, to obtain information about your personal data
processed by us. In particular, you may request information about the purposes of
processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the categories of recipients
to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the envisaged period for which
the data will be stored, the existence of the right to request from the controller
rectification or erasure or personal data or restriction of processing of personal
data concerning you or to object such processing, the existence of a right to lodge
a complaint with a supervisory authority, the origin of your data, if these have not
been collected by us, and the existence of automated decision-making including
profiling and, if applicable, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well
as the significance and the envisaged consequences.

---

Data processing for statistical purposes using Page Insights

---

This aggregated data gives us an insight into how people interact with our page.
Page Insights data may be based on personal data gathered from visits and
interactions on, or with our page, and from connections with provided content.
Please consider which personal data you share with us via Facebook. Your data
may be processed for market research and promotional purposes, even if you are
not logged into Facebook or do not have a Facebook account. User profiles can be
created based on user behavior and the resulting interests of users. User profiles
may be used for targeted advertisements within or outside the platform. Data
recording is done using cookies, which are stored on your terminal device. In
addition, user profiles may contain data that is gathered from memberships on
other platforms. Legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR and our
legitimate interest lies in the optimized presentation of our proposition, the effective
information and communication with customers and interested parties as well as in
the targeted placement of advertisements. Please note that we have no influence
on the data gathering and further processing by Meta. As a result, we cannot
provide any access about where, for how long and to which extent Meta retains the
data. Furthermore, we cannot make any statements about the extent to which Meta
complies with existing erasure deadlines, what evaluations and translations are
made and to whom the data is transferred by Facebook. If you want to prevent your
personal data being processed by Meta, please contact us by other means.

---

These additional provisions for California consumers supplement the other parts of
our privacy policy and applies only to individuals who reside in California. This
section outlines how we collect, use, and share your data, including the use of the
Unified ID 2.0 ("UID2.0") and the RampID ("RampID") framework, and how we
comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act and its implementing regulations
("CCPA").

---

Some of the ways in which we disclose personal information are considered “sales"
or "sharing" under the CCPA. Listed below are the categories of personal
information we disclose for purposes cross-context behavioral advertising or
otherwise sell:
• Identifiers
• Internet or other electronic network activity information
• Geolocation data

---

The types of third parties to which personal information is sold or shared for cross
context behavioral advertising may be third-party advertisers and analytics
providers. The purposes for which we disclose this personal information includes
showing you relevant ads, marketing, advertising, certain types of analytics,
optimizing our services, personalizing content or to serve ads that may be more
relevant to your interests, to perform other advertising-related services such as
reporting, attribution, analytics and market research, or similar purposes. We do not
have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of consumers
under 16 years of age.

---

Category of Personal Information
Identifiers such as a name, telephone
number, email address, mailing
address, third-party accounts, unique
personal identifier, online identifier, IP
address.
Customer Records, including any
personal information described in
subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the
California Civil Code such as your
name, signature, address,
employment-related information,
financial information.
Internet or other electronic network
activity information, such as browsing
history, search history, operating
system, and information regarding your
interactions with our applications, or
advertisements.
Geolocation data, including your
approximate location derived from
your IP address or mobile device.
Purposes for Collection, Use, and
Disclosure
To communicate with you, including to
respond to your questions, market to
you, and provide customer service To
operate our business To conduct
marketing, personalization, and
advertising For research purposes To
design, develop, and improve our apps
To conduct business analytics and to
analyze trends To track the
effectiveness of our advertising To
personalize your experience, on our
apps For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business,
products and services, and customer
experience For other internal business
purposes To fulfill our legal obligations
To provide you with our apps To
operate our business To conduct
marketing, personalization, and
advertising For research purposes To
design, develop, and improve our apps
To conduct business analytics and to
analyze trends To track the
effectiveness of our advertising To
personalize your experience For safety
and security purposes To improve how
we do business, products and services,
and customer experience For other
internal business purposes To fulfill our
legal obligations
To provide you with our apps To
operate our business To conduct
marketing, personalization, and
advertising For research purposes To
design, develop, and improve our apps
To conduct business analytics and to
analyze trends To track the
effectiveness of our advertising To
personalize your experience For safety
and security purposes To improve how
we do business, products and services,
and customer experience For other
internal business purposes To fulfill our
legal obligations To verify your identity
To provide you with our apps To
operate our business To conduct
marketing, personalization, and
advertising For research purposes To
design, develop, and improve our apps
To conduct business analytics and to
analyze trends To personalize your
experience To improve how we do
business, products and services, and
customer experience For other internal
business purposes To fulfill our legal
obligations To verify your identity
For other internal business purposes To
fulfill our legal obligations

---

Inferences from personal information
collected such as a profile about a
consumer reflecting the consumer's
preferences, characteristics, and
interests.
Sensitive personal information Please
see our Facial Mapping Notice and
Consent Policy below.

---

• The categories of recipients to which we disclose personal information;
• The categories of personal information that we sold or shared, and for each
category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold or shared that
particular category of personal information;
• The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose,
and for each category identified, the categories of recipients to which we disclosed

---

2.4 Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing

You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information and to
request that we do not share your personal information for cross-context
behavioural advertising. If you would like to opt out of sales and sharing you can do
so by clicking on the respective opt-out link in the Settings section of our apps. You
may also exercise your right to opt-out of certain sales and sharing via an opt out
preference signal on our websites. If you choose to use the Global Privacy Control
("GPC") browser signal, you will need to turn it on for each browser you use.

---

2.7 California “Shine the Light" Law

California's "Shine the Light" law permits California residents to request certain
information regarding our disclosure of certain personal information to third parties
for their own direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may
request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by
contacting us at dataprotection@justplayapps.com Any such request must
include "California Shine the Light Request" in the subject line and include your
name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required
to respond to one request per customer each calendar year.

---

Oregon residents may also request a list of third parties to which we disclose
personal data.

---

If you live in Delaware, you have the right to request a list of the categories of third
parties with whom we disclose your personal data.

---

1.4.Right to Opt-Out

You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data, and the use of your
personal data for targeted advertising. If you would like to opt out of sales and
targeted advertising you can do so by clicking on the opt-out links in the Settings
section of our apps. You may also exercise your right to opt-out of certain sales and
targeted advertising on our websites via an opt out preference signal. If you choose
to use the GPC browser signal, you will need to turn it on for each browser you use.

---

• UID2.0 is a privacy-focused identity framework that allows for secure, encrypted
identifiers to deliver relevant advertising. This system uses email addresses or other
forms of identity to create an anonymized identifier that enables us and our
partners to provide personalized advertising, while protecting your privacy.
• RampID is an identity resolution service that helps us match our data with online
and offline information to create a consistent and secure user profile. We receive
hashed or pseudonymized identifiers, which are referred to as “RampID Envelopes,”
allowing us to maintain privacy while delivering relevant and customized services.

---

3.4 Third Party Categories

We may share your marketing identifier data with:

• Advertising Partners: to provide relevant ads across the web.
• Service Providers: who assist us in analyzing and managing our data and delivering
advertising services.
• Law Enforcement or Regulatory Bodies: when required by law.

---

4. Sharing of Facial Mapping Data and Photos

Other than as described in this Policy, we do not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit
from your facial mapping data or photos. The FaceTec software runs within our own
environment, and we do not share your facial mapping data or photos with
FaceTec. As noted above, the facial mapping data and photos are stored on
Google Cloud Services. We may disclose your facial mapping data and photos
when required by law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or
subpoena.

---

• Access: Request access to your Facial Mapping Data, and/or information regarding
how and why your Facial Mapping Data was collected, and any parties to whom we
have disclosed your Facial Mapping Data.