Cookies, pixels and web beacons
We may share website and App usage information with reputable advertising companies for targeting our banner advertisements on our website, App and other websites and Apps. For this purpose, pixel tags (also called clear gifs or web beacons) may be used to note the pages you have visited. The information collected by the advertising company through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Information sharing and disclosure
Your personal information may be shared with other Loora offices or subsidiaries
around the world. All such entities are governed by this Privacy Policy or are
bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements.
---
Loora may share your personal information with other companies or people under
any of the following circumstances:
1. When we have your consent to share the information;
2. We need to send the information to third parties who provide services to Loora
(such as speech recognition or speech-to-text technology), or work on behalf
of Loora to provide you with certain customer service (we will only provide
those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they
are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose);
3. In the event of sale or transfer of all or substantially all of Loora or any Loora
affiliate's shares or assets, in cases of mergers or in case of negotiations with
respect to the foregoing;
4. Where needed for corporate audits or to investigate or respond to a complaint
or security threat, to prevent illegal uses of our services, to defend ourselves
against third party claims and assist in fraud prevention or investigation; or
5. We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in
urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our business.
---
We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you
provide to us at our App or website to any third parties for their own direct
marketing use unless we provide clear notice to you and obtain your explicit
consent for your data to be shared in this manner, when required by applicable law.
---
For the above purposes, personal information may be transferred to recipients in
countries around the world (which may be located outside the EU/EEA) which in
some cases may have a lower level of protection than that within the EU/EEA.
When transferring personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA, to jurisdictions
that did not receive an adequacy decision or other safe harbor mechanism by the
European Commission, we use standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission to ensure a sufficient level of protection for your personal
information. The standard contractual clauses can be found via the following
link: https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-
dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Third party sites
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Our App and Website may contain links to other apps and websites operated by
other companies. Loora does not share your personal information with those apps
and websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you
to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. Some of these third-party
apps and sites may have permission to include the Loora logo, even though they
are not operated or maintained by Loora. Although we choose our business
partners carefully, Loora is not responsible for the privacy practices of apps and
websites operated by third parties that are linked to our website and App. Once
you have left our website or App, you should check the applicable privacy policy
of the third-party website or app to determine how they will handle any
information they collect from you. We may provide services based on third party
applications and content tools on Loora's website or App. These third parties may
automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us
on our website or App using such third-party applications and tools, based on
such third parties' privacy statements.
---
Payment Procedure and Affiliate Validation
For certain payment transactions, we use the services of Paddle.com Ltd.
("Paddle.com") to conduct the payment and invoicing process. If you purchase
any of our Services via Paddle.com, the payment process is independently
managed by Paddle.com according to its terms, which involves collecting your
relevant Personal Information, such as payment details and contact information.
You can find Paddle.com's privacy policy at: https://paddle.com/privacy/. We may
receive certain Personal Information from Paddle.com, such as your name, email,
billing address and purchasing history, to perform our contract with you and
based on our legitimate interests in tracking sales data and managing the Services
offered to our customers. Paddle.com may also share some of the collected
Personal Information, such as a hashed email address or customer identifier, with
our affiliates, to validate transactions that occur through affiliate marketing
programs.