2. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US AND ITS USE AND SHARING
---
d. Such information collected by us may include information considered to be ‘sensitive personal
information' of the user under the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and
procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011 ("SPIRules") .Such ‘sensitive
personal information' generally includes user's information relating to password, financial
information such as bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument
details, physical,physiological and mental health condition, sexual orientation, medical records
and history, and biometric information. Further, the SPI Rules require your express consent to
collect, store and use such personally identifiable information collected by us. You hereby
consent to such use, collection,storage and disclosure of ‘sensitive personal information' by us
inaccordance with this Privacy Notice as required under applicable law.
---
f. In case you are booking bus tickets, hotel rooms or any other service on the Website, Mobile
site and Mobile Apps and/or through Other Interfaces for and/or onbehalf of other persons,
you here by confirm and represent that each of such other person(s)/traveler(s) for whom a
booking has been made, has agreed tohave the information shared by you disclosed to us and
further be shared by us with the concerned service provider(s).
---
g. While making a booking, we may use ‘sensitive personal information' including,payment details
which include card holder name, credit/debit card number (in encrypted form) with an
expiration date, banking details, wallet details etc., as shared and allowed to be stored by you.
We may also use the information of travelers list as available in or linked with your account. This
information is presented to the user at the time of making a booking to enable you to complete
your bookings expeditiously. Further, we may use your 'sensitive personal information' to
provide seamless and convenient services and such uses will include (without limitation) (i)
confirmation of your reservations/bookings withyou and respective service providers, (ii)
informing of the transaction status, (iii) communicating booking confirmations either via
electronic means or other messaging service, (iv) communicating any updates or changes to
your booking(s), (v) enabling customer service team to contact you, if necessary, (vi) customize
the content of the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps and other Interfaces; (vii) request for
reviews of the Services or any other improvements; (viii) sending verification message(s) or
email(s), (ix)validating/authenticating your account and to prevent any misuse or abuse and
(x)contact you to offer offers. Further to the above, your information will be shared with the
end service providers like hotels, bus service providers or anyother suppliers who are
responsible for fulfilling your booking. We may employ other companies and individuals to
perform functions on our behalf (includingbut not limited to payment processing, data hosting,
and data processing platforms). We may also share certain information to our corporate
affiliatesor business partners who may contact the customers to offer certain products or
services, which may include free or paid products/services (like travel insurance, discount
coupons, entertainment services), which will enable the customer to have better travel
experience or to avail certain benefits specially made for AbhiBus customers. We may provide
anonymous statistical information based on this data to suppliers, advertisers, affiliates and
other current and potential business partners. You may note that while making abooking with
AbhiBus you authorize us to share your information with the said service providers and
suppliers. AbhiBus does not authorize the end service provider to use your information for any
other purpose(s) except as may be for fulfilling their part of service. Nevertheless, the
information shared with such service providers/suppliers is beyond the purview and control of
AbhiBus, and hence we are not accountable for any unauthorized use of such information by
any service provider/supplier. You are therefore advised to review the privacy policies of the
respective service provider or supplier whose services you choose to avail.
---
h. We may share user information with entities that control, are controlled by or are under the
common control with AbhiBus and that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow
practices at least as protective as those described inthis Privacy Notice. Further, we may share
user information with our affiliatesor associate entities. If the assets and/or business of
AbhiBus are acquired, our customer information may also be transferred to the acquirer
depending up on the nature of such acquisition. In addition, as part of
businessexpansion/development/restructuring or for any other reason whatsoever, if
wedecide to sell/transfer/assign our business, any part thereof, any of our subsidiaries or any
business units, then as part of such restructuring exercise customer information including the
personal information collected here in shallbe transferred accordingly.
---
n. We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to
comply with the law, enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements, or
protect the rights, property or safety of AbhiBus, our users or others. This includes exchanging
information with other companies,organisations, government or regulatory authorities for fraud
protection and credit risk reduction. However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing or
otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial
purposes in a way that is contrary to our commitments under this Privacy Notice.
---
o. In addition to the circumstances described above, AbhiBus may disclose the information if
required to do so by law, required by any enforcement authority for investigation, required by
court order or in reference to any legal process and regulatory, required for internal
compliance and audit exercise or required for protecting the rights and business of AbhiBus.
---
p. Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to
third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. Whenever
we transfer personal information to countries outside India in the course of sharing information
as set out above, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this
Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws including but not limited to Information
Technology Act, 2000 and the rules framed there under.
---
f. Contacts: If you allow us to access your contacts, it enables us to provide a lot of social features
to you such as sharing tickets or location with your friends. This permission also allows you to
select numbers from your contacts for mobile recharges done on the app.
---
3. Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the
Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use
of cookies by third parties.
---
2. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about
you and your account. By using or continuing to use the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps you
agree to our use of your information (including sensitive personal information) in accordance with
this Privacy Notice, as may be amended from time to time by AbhiBus at its sole discretion. You
also agree and consent to us collecting, storing,processing, transferring and sharing information
(including sensitive personal information) related to you with third parties or service providers for
the purposes as set out in this Privacy Notice.
---
BY VISITING OUR WEBSITE, MOBILE SITE AND MOBILE APPS AND/OR BY USING THE SERVICES OR BY
OTHER WISE GIVING US YOUR INFORMATION, YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE READ,UNDERSTOOD
AND AGREED TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE AND AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY THE PRIVACY NOTICE. YOU HERE BY CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, USE AND
SHARING, DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE. WE
RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR DELETE PORTIONS OF THE TERMS OF THIS
PRIVACY NOTICE, AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, AT ANY TIME. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY
NOTICE AT ANY TIME, DO NOT USE ANY OFTHE SERVICES OR GIVE US ANY OF YOUR INFORMATION. IF
YOU USE THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF SOME ONE ELSE (SUCH AS YOUR CHILD) OR AN ENTITY