The main reason to collect your email address is to make it easy for you to
use Kidslox apps. We also use this information to keep in contact with you,
to provide information about Kidslox apps (including our products and offers
that we make available from time to time) and seek your feedback. We may
in the future use it to provide you with information about any future partners
and the various services they may offer, or create anonymous and/or de-
identified data records from your personal information by excluding
information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to
you.
---
1.4. Some Kidslox app features use YouTube API services to help you
understand what videos are being viewed on devices you are supervising. By
using these features, you also agree to be bound by the Google Privacy
Policy (which you can find in full here
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). Specifically, Kidslox apps collect
and store video viewing history, for the sole purpose of presenting this
information to the user. This data is deleted from our systems 7 days after it
is collected.
---
1.6. Kidslox “Nudity scanner” feature detects nudity in photos in the device
gallery or taken by Kidslox “Telescope” feature. It does this directly on the
controlled device, without sending the data anywhere off-device. If it detects
something suspicious in an image, that image is not sent off the device for
any reason, even to the parent. Instead the parent will recieve a notification
about it.
---
2. Do you share information with third parties?
2.1. We do not share your personal information with third parties other than
as follows: (1) with your consent; (2) with third party vendors, consultants
and other service providers who work for us and need access to your
information to do that work, and are required by contract not to use your
personal information other than to provide the services requested by us; (2.1)
in the case of Appvestor, use of user data is outlined in full here:
https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy/; (3) to (i) comply with laws or to
respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to protect the rights and
property of Kidslox Inc, our agents, customers, members, and others
including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or (iii) in an
emergency to protect the personal safety of any person; (4) in connection
with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, or
dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or
disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company; or
(5) in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, your information
may also be transferred as a business asset.
---
2.2. We may also share aggregated or de-identified information.
---
2.3. We do not share location data with any third parties for any reason.
---
3. What about children's data?
We do not allow children under 13 to subscribe to Kidslox apps.
Depending on how you use the services of Kidslox apps, you might provide
us with data from which it would in theory be possible to identify your
children. This would occur if you (i) use an email address from which it is
possible to identify you; (ii) use your children's names to identify the
children's devices that are controlled by Kidslox apps; and (iii) the
combination of your name and your children's names is sufficient to identify
the children. We do not use this data and the only purposes for which any
person has access to it are those which are a necessary part of maintaining
and developing Kidslox Inc's products.
---
4. What do you do in relation to payment data?
If you make any direct purchases from us (that is, purchases not made
through an app store), your credit card or debit card information (such as card
type and expiration date) and other financial data that we need to process
your payment may be collected and stored by the payment processors with
which we work. In addition, the payment processors generally provide us
with some limited information related to you, such as a unique token that
enables you to make additional purchases using the information they've
stored, including recurring payments if you authorize automatic renewals,
and your card's type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number.