Choices to Limit Use and Disclosure (EU/UK/Switzerland). Individuals in the EU, UK, and
Switzerland have the right to choose (opt out of) the use of their personal data for purposes
third parties. Where we rely on consent (for example, precise location), you may withdraw your
consent at any time. You may also object to direct marketing and request restriction of certain
processing. You can exercise these choices by: (a) emailing privacy@vitotechnology.com; (b)
submitting a request via https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request; (c) using in-app
settings or your device settings to disable non-essential features (e.g., withdrawing location
permissions); and (d) using the unsubscribe link in marketing emails. We will honor your
choices and will not condition provision of Services on consent to processing that is not
necessary to provide the Services.
---
Vito Technology complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK
Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as
set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Vito Technology has certified to the U.S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
(EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the
European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in
reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Vito Technology has certified to the U.S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
(Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from
Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and/or the
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern.
---
B. PERSONAL DATA YOU DISCLOSE TO VITO TECHNOLOGY
You never have to provide personally identifiable information to Vito Technology. Vito
Technology does not sell or share personal information as those terms are defined under the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). However,
should you choose to withhold certain required data, Vito Technology may not be able to
provide you with some or all of the Services. Some of the data we ask you to provide may be
identified as mandatory or optional. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a
particular activity, you may not be able to engage in that activity or make such a purchase. Vito
Technology will inform you of the mandatory or optional nature of the requested or required
data.
---
rendering a star map or fetching localized weather. This data is used in real-time, is not stored
after use, is not combined with identifiers, and is not shared or sold to any third party. Users can
disable location services at any time through their device settings without losing access to
other app features.
---
When you use the Apps and/or Websites, Vito Technology or trusted third parties authorized by
Vito Technology may also collect certain technical and routing information about your
computer (also known as environmental variables) to facilitate your use of the Apps, Websites,
and the Services enabled thereby. When you browse the Internet, your Internet browser (such
as Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, or Microsoft Edge) automatically transmits some data to Vito
Technology every time you access content on one of our internet domains. Examples of such
data include the URL of the particular webpage you visited, the IP (Internet Protocol) address of
the computer you are using, or the browser version that you are using to access the Website.
All of this data may be collected by Vito Technology and used to help improve our offerings to
you.
---
We may collect, use, and share aggregated data (statistical or demographic data) for any
purpose. Although this data is derived from end-users' personal data, it cannot directly or
indirectly lead to an end-user's identity in aggregated form, and is therefore not “personal data"
for purposes of this Privacy Policy. If the aggregated data is connected to end-users' personal
data such that end-users can be identified, we will treat that data as personal data for purposes
of this Privacy Policy.
---
D. DATA COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES; THIRD-PARTY
PAYMENT PROCESSORS
Vito Technology may receive information from third-parties including business partners, sub-
contractors in technical, payment, and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics
providers, and search information providers.
Vito Technology permits trusted partners to place advertisements within the Apps and/or the
Websites and to conduct related analytics using their own technologies and systems. The
following is a non-exhaustive list of Vito Technology's current trusted partners:
• Firebase - Analytics, Push Notifications, Dynamic Links, Crashlytics
• Google AdMob – Ads
• Facebook – Analytics
• Meta Audience Network - Ads
• OneSignal - Push Notifications
• AppLovin – Ads
• Unity Analytics - Analytics, Crashlytics
• Unity Ads - Ads
Each of their privacy and cookie policies can be found on their respective websites.
---
Vito Technology integrates third-party SDKs (e.g., Google AdMob, Unity Ads, AppLovin, Firebase
Analytics) that may collect device-level information (e.g., Advertising ID, IP address) to deliver
ads or perform analytics. Vito Technology does not link device identifiers (including but not
limited to IDFA/GAID) to a user's name, email, or any other personal identifiers that could
directly identify an individual. These identifiers are randomly generated by operating systems
and do not, in Vito Technology's systems, identify any particular person. Any approximate
location data inferred by these SDKs (e.g., from IP address) is done independently and is not
directed by or accessible to Vito Technology.
---
We use third-party payment processors for all payments. When you pay for your purchase, you
provide your personal information needed to perform the transaction directly to the third-party
payment processor. In such cases, its privacy policy and security practices will apply to your
personal information. We strongly encourage you to review that privacy policy before providing
your personal information.
---
We may disclose your personally identifiable information without your permission only in
limited circumstances as required or permitted by law. We will only do so if we have a good-
faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with laws, regulations, or
government requests, or (2) to investigate or protect against harmful activities to our users,
visitors, or property (including the Apps, Websites, or Services), or to others. Such disclosures do
not constitute a sale or sharing of personal information as defined under the California
Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) or California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). If we are required by law
enforcement or judicial authorities to provide your personally identifiable information, we will
only do so upon receipt of appropriate documentation. We may also disclose your information
to investigate violation of and enforce our Terms of Use. Please know that we do not take this
responsibility lightly. Your privacy is of paramount importance to us.
---
We will get end-users' express opt-in consent before sharing end-users'
personal data with any company outside Vito Technology for marketing purposes.
---
F. HOW VITO TECHNOLOGY SHARES YOUR DATA
We only share personal data with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or
to fulfill business obligations. As a non-exclusive list of examples, Vito Technology only shares
and discloses your personal data in the following situations:
• Compliance with Laws. Vito Technology may disclose your personal data where it is legally
required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, or a judicial
proceeding, court order, or legal process such as in response to a court order or a subpoena
(including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements);
• Vital Interests and Legal Rights. Vito Technology may disclose your personal data where it
believes it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of
Vito Technology policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety
of any person and illegal activities, or in the event of litigation;
• Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. Vito Technology may share
your personal data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents (“Third-
Party Processors”) who perform services on its behalf and require access to such
information. For example, Vito Technology may use third parties for technical and customer
support, payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer
service, and marketing efforts. These Third-Party Processors may be located within the U.S.,
EU, or another country. For transfers of personal data received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), Vito Technology remains liable under the
applicable DPF Principles if its Third-Party Processors process personal data in a manner
inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Vito Technology proves that it is not responsible
for the event giving rise to the damage. Vito Technology requires all Third-Party Processors to
provide at least the same level of privacy protection as required by the DPF Principles
through written contracts that include specific safeguards and ongoing oversight;
• Tracking Technology. Vito Technology also may allow select third parties to use tracking
technology on the Apps and/or the Websites, which will enable the collection of data about
how you interact with the Apps and/or the Websites over time. This data may be used to,
among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content or
pages, and better understand user activity in order for Vito Technology to improve its
Services. Vito Technology does not share, sell, rent or trade your Personal data with third
• Business Transfers. Vito Technology may share or transfer your personal data in connection
with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition
of all or a portion of its business to another company;
• Business Partners. Vito Technology may share your personal data with its business partners
to offer you certain products, Services or promotions, and/or to facilitate provision of Vito
Technology products and Services to you, as well as with other Vito Technology entities; and
• With your Consent. Vito Technology may disclose your personal data for any other purpose
in accordance with your consent.
---
Vito Technology does not sell or share personal information, including geolocation data, as
those terms are defined under the CCPA and California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). This means
we do not sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise
communicate your personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable
consideration, or for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. Vito does not provide any
personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising or data brokerage
purposes. Any sharing of personal information with service providers is strictly limited to
business purposes as permitted under applicable law and subject to written contracts that
prohibit the service provider from selling or sharing the personal information.
---
H. TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Vito Technology primarily stores and processes your personal data on servers located in the
United States, though we may also transfer, store, and process your data in other countries,
subject to appropriate safeguards and data transfer mechanisms as required by applicable
data protection laws.
Please be aware that your personal data may be transferred to, stored, or processed by Vito
Technology in its facilities, with Vito Technology entities, or by those third parties with whom
Vito Technology has formed trusted contracts within the U.S. or other countries, as the case
may be, for business operations (e.g., marketing, analytics, payment processing). A list of
representative affiliates is available upon request.
If you are a resident in the EU, the UK (and Gibraltar), or Switzerland, please note that the
United States may not have data protection laws as comprehensive as those in your country.
For transfers of personal data to the United States, Vito Technology complies with the EU-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), including the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the
EU, the UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Vito Technology has certified
to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the DPF Principles. If there is any conflict
between the terms in this privacy policy and the applicable DPF Principles, the applicable DPF
Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification,
please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. If a transfer to a non-DPF country is
necessary, Vito Technology will conduct a thorough data transfer assessment and implement
safeguards, such as signing a Data Processing Agreement (DPA), as required. Vito Technology
remains committed to taking all necessary measures to protect your personal data in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
International transfers
If end-users are located in the EU, the UK (and Gibraltar), or Switzerland, some of our external
third parties may be based outside the EU, the UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, so their
processing of end-users' personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EU, the UK
(and Gibraltar), and Switzerland.
Whenever we transfer end-users' personal data out of the EU, the UK (and Gibraltar), or
Switzerland, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one
of the following safeguards is implemented:
---
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the
European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in the EU, the UK,
and Switzerland; or
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), including the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF,
and/or the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), which requires them to provide
similar protection to personal data shared between the EU, the UK, Switzerland and the US.
---
Vito Technology hosts its cloud instances on the AWS cloud. Security and compliance are
shared responsibilities between AWS and Vito Technology regarding AWS cloud instances.
Please visit the AWS Shared Responsibility Model website
(https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/) to learn more.
---
If, in the future, Vito Technology does transfer personal data to a third party acting as an agent
on its behalf, Vito Technology remains liable under the applicable DPF Principles (including
under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF) if its
agent processes such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless
Vito Technology proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
---
Choices and Means to Limit Use and Disclosure (EU, UK, and Switzerland)
Individuals in the EU, UK, and Switzerland have the right to choose (opt out of) (i) the disclosure
of their personal data to a third party (other than our agents and service providers acting on
our behalf), and (ii) the use of their personal data for a purpose that is materially different from
the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. Where we rely
on consent (e.g., for precise location), you may withdraw your consent at any time. You may also
object to or restrict certain processing, including direct marketing. To exercise these choices,
please contact us at privacy@vitotechnology.com or submit a request via
https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request. You may also manage certain preferences in
your device or app settings (for example, by disabling location services) and, for cookies and
similar technologies, via your browser or device settings and our cookie controls.
---
M. CHANGE OF CONTROL
In the event that all or substantially all of Vito Technology's stock and/or all or substantially all
assets are transferred or sold to another entity, Vito Technology may transfer personally
identifiable data to the acquiring entity, provided such transfer complies with all applicable
data protection laws and the acquiring entity maintains at least the same level of data
protection standards, subject to applicable data protection laws and regulations. If, as a result
of such a business transition, your personally identifiable data will be used in a materially
different manner, you will be given notice and the opportunity to give consent pursuant to our
policy regarding notification of changes.
---
Consistent with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, you may limit the use and disclosure of
your personal data as follows: (a) withdraw consent at any time for processing that relies on
consent; (b) object to or opt out of processing for direct marketing; (c) request that we restrict
certain processing where permitted by law; and (d) opt out of the disclosure of your personal
data to third parties or its use for a purpose materially different from the purpose for which it
was originally collected or subsequently authorized. You can exercise these choices by emailing
privacy@vitotechnology.com or submitting a request at https://vitotechnology.com/data-
subject-request. We will honor your choices in accordance with applicable law and the EU-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
---
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
DPF, Vito Technology commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of
personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF,
and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international
division of the American Arbitration Association (ICDR-AAA), an alternative dispute resolution
provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF
Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related
complaint to your satisfaction within the 30-day period, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the
ICDR-AAA DPF IRM are provided at no cost to you.
---
• Individuals in the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland have
the right to limit the use and disclosure of their personal data, including: (i) opting out of
disclosures of personal data to third parties not acting as Vito Technology's agents; (ii) opting
out of Vito Technology's use of personal data for a purpose materially different from the
purpose for which it was collected or subsequently authorized; (iii) withdrawing consent for
processing activities based on consent (for example, precise geolocation or marketing); and
(iv) restricting certain processing as described below. You may exercise these choices by (a)
emailing privacy@vitotechnology.com; (b) submitting a request at
https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request; (c) using in-App/Website privacy settings
(including cookie controls) and adjusting device/app permission settings (for example,
location, notifications, advertising identifiers); or (d) writing to Vito Technology, Inc., Attn: Data
Protection Officer, 700 N Fairfax St, Suite 614, Alexandria, VA 22314, USA. For personal data
transferred to the United States under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF,
and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Vito Technology will honor these choices in accordance with the DPF
Principles.
---
• To request a copy of end-users' personal data from us in a commonly used and machine-
readable format or that we transmit end-users' personal data to another data controller.