Fever provides its Services to you through different companies. You can check out the Fever companies that
are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data in Annex I.

---

• Social media information when logging in with your social media
credentials, such as Facebook or Google (please read carefully their
privacy policies for a better understanding of the Personal Data they
provide to Fever, detailed in the section called "Third parties or
publicly available sources").

---

Information from third
parties or publicly
available sources
We may collect Personal Data about you from various third parties as set out
below:

Third-Party Social Login Account: if you log into the Services through a
third-party account such as Facebook or Google, we will collect certain
information relating to your account from those third parties (including
your name, profile image, age group, gender and other information
available on your public profile), your date of birth and your email address.
You can manage the information data which is shared by such third
parties with us by amending your preferences through using the privacy
settings which these third parties provide on their platforms.

Technical Data: (i) analytics providers based inside and outside the EU,
such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics; (ii) advertising networks
based inside and outside the EU, such as Facebook Audience Network;
and (iii) search information providers, based in the EU, such as Adobe
Audience Manager. For further information about how each of these
parties collect and process your data, please see the "Third-Party
advertising companies" section below.

Contact and Transactional Data: We may receive contact and
transactional data from payment service providers;

Third-Party Services: Some third parties provide certain services within
our Platform, such as facilitating and administering user feedback forms,
newsletter subscriptions, and competitions.

---

← Processing your ticket transactions and payments (payment process
handled by third-party payment service providers that comply with
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards);

---

← We collect anonymised statistical datasets and details about visitors to our
website and about our users' transactions patterns for the purposes of
aggregate statistics, data analytics, dashboards and insights, reporting
purposes and to understand how our users use our Services. These datasets
may be shared internally or externally with others, including our partners.
However, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised
details we have collected for these purposes.

---

Allow our Partners and other organisations (such as sponsors or venues,
among others) to provide you with information about their products or
services, discounts or promotions if you agree through the enabled
mechanisms (based on opt-in or opt-out solutions);

---

Where we must comply with our legal obligations or to help detect or
prevent a crime, we may share your Personal Data with other organisations
(example: law enforcement authorities, tax authorities, fraud prevention
agencies, etc.);

---

6.2 Third-party marketing

Depending on national data protection laws, We will obtain your express opt-in consent before sharing your
Personal Data with any company outside of the Fever group for marketing purposes.

In addition, we may share your Personal Data (limited to name, surname and email address) with a sponsor,
event organiser or venue for a Fever-organised Experience. These third parties will be clearly identified in the
Experience you decide to join and/or participate. In those cases, either We or the third-party may gather your
consent during or after the Experience for any processing of Personal Data, in addition to sending marketing
communications electronically about its products and/or services. Please read carefully any clause and/or
privacy notices provided by the third-party before providing additional Personal Data and/or your consent.

---

6.4 Third-party advertising companies

We aim to ensure that our advertising and marketing remain relevant and interesting to you. To achieve this,
we use third-party advertising and technology companies as data processors to serve ads and/or provide
aggregated data to assist in ad delivery when you visit or use our Services. This includes third-party
technology companies that collect data about you to create a profile of your preferences based on your
interactions when you use our Services. These companies also automatically collect data when you use our
Services to assist us identify the ads that are served to you and what you do after seeing those ads. In addition,
we also share data with providers of web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, which we use to analyse
your use of the Services.

These third-party advertising companies collect, store and use data by integrating cookies and other tracking
technologies on our Services.

In some cases, these third parties may also use the data that they collect for their own purposes. For instance
they may aggregate your data with other information they hold and use it to inform advertising-related
services provided to other clients or collaborate with other advertising companies and share your Personal
Data as part of the process.

Please see our Cookie Notice for more information on the third-party advertising companies which collect,
use and store data about you, and the use of cookies and other tracking technologies implemented on our
Services. From our Cookie Notice, you can also learn how to exercise control over this data collection and
usage. If you choose to restrict or prevent tracking for these purposes, the advertising you see when you visit
or use our Services will no longer be tailored to your preferences.

We may also share your data with social media or similar platforms so that you and other people can see
relevant content on those platforms. For example, we may use the Facebook Custom Audiences service and
share your email address in a protected format with Facebook. This allows us to include you in a custom
audience to serve you relevant advertising content on Facebook or create an audience of other Facebook
users based on the information in your Facebook profile. You can opt-out by emailing dpo@feverup.com or
through the Communications Preferences, Legal or Account sections available on your account profile.

---

7. How we share your Personal Data and who we share it with

We may share your Personal Data and other information under the following circumstances:

---

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Fever group subsidiaries. These fully owned subsidiaries of Fever Labs Inc. are required to process such
information based on our instructions, internal procedures and protocols and in accordance with this
Privacy Notice. Unless there is a legitimate enabling basis, they have no power to share your Personal
Data independently. We may share your Personal Data within the Fever group subsidiaries to:
Ο
Ο
provide you with the best user experience and Services;
protect you, other users and our systems from fraud or harmful behaviour;
improve existing, or develop new Services;
Ο send you information about Fever services we think you'll be interested in hearing about.
Third-party service providers. We may share your Personal Data with third-party service providers,
acting as our data processors, in order to facilitate or provide certain services on behalf of Fever. By way of
example and not limitation, it may include:
Ο
Ο
Ο
Ο
Ο
Mobile & Tech Companies to enhance communication services and optimize mobile
experiences. Sharing excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this
information will not be shared with any third parties.
IT infrastructure and support providers that facilitate our provision of the Services to you;
Analytics and user research providers that help us improve our Platform;
Communications and survey services providers to help us provide our Services to you and
help us send you emails, push notifications and text messages; and
Other third-party service providers, for the purpose of providing our Services or tracking
our users' use of the Services (including but not limited to payment service providers).
These providers are authorised to process your Personal Data only as necessary to provide these Services
to us.
Compliance with legal obligations. When we respond to court orders or legal processes, or to exercise
our legal rights or defend ourselves against legal claims. When we believe it is necessary to share your
Personal Data in order to investigate/prevent a crime or take actions against illegal activities, suspected
fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of
Use, or as otherwise required by law.
Mergers & Acquisitions. When we need to transfer Personal Data about you if we are acquired by or
merged with another company. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its
assets, you will be notified afterwards via email and/or a prominent notice on our Services of any change
in ownership or uses of your Personal Data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal
Data.
Social media and advertising partners. When we use social media for marketing purposes, your
Personal Data (limited to only your name and email address) may be shared with the social media
platforms so that they can check if you also hold an account with them. If you do, we may ask the
advertising company or social media provider to:
Ο
Ο
use your Personal Data to sent our ads to you, because we think that you might be
interested in new Fever products or services;
not send you our ads, because the marketing related to a service that you already use;
send our ads to people who have a similar profile to you (lookalike audiences) and custom
audiences. Please note that your Personal Data is hashed before we send it to the
advertising partner and they are only allowed to use it in the ways described above.
Experience or Event organisers. When you purchase tickets, sign up for, or donate to an experience or
event through our Platform, we may share your Personal Data with the entity organising that experience
or event. Sometimes, these organisers might have others help them set up the event. We call these
helpers "Third-Party Organizers." For example, a concert venue might let a promoter use our Platform to
create an event at their venue. In these cases, we might share your Personal Data with both the venue
and the promoter for logistical or operational purposes due to it being necessary for the proper
execution of the contract with you. Remember, we're not responsible for how these experience or event
organisers or Third-Party Organisers process your Personal Data or if they comply with applicable data
protection laws.
Other Fever users: given the nature of our Services, other Fever users may be able to access or view
certain Personal Data in connection with your participation in an experience or event. In addition, we
may ask you to let us sync your mobile phone contacts in order to share with them previously purchased
tickets or send them discount codes, among other purposes.

---

8. International data transfers

As a general rule, if you are a user resident in the European Economic Area (EEA), please note that Fever aims
to store your Personal Data in the EEA territory. However, in some limited circumstances, we may need to
transfer your Personal Data to other Fever group subsidiaries or to third-party services providers located in
countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK) to (i) help us provide our
Services; (ii) provide ongoing user support; (iii) comply with legal and regulatory requirements; and (iv) fraud
prevention and response to law enforcement authorities.

When transferring Personal Data outside the EEA or UK to other countries that do not offer a standard of data
protection equivalent to the EEA or UK, we will make sure that your Personal Data is sufficiently protected
and make sure that a contract with strict data protection safeguards and clauses are in place before we
transfer your Personal Data.

Please also note that when you are purchasing tickets or enrolling into an event, such event may be organised
by another entity located outside the EEA. By enrolling in such event or purchasing the relevant tickets you
acknowledge the necessity of transferring your Personal Data to the organiser for the purpose of managing
your participation in the relevant event or experience.

---

If you are a European resident, you can find out further information about the rules on data transfers outside
the EEA, including the mechanisms that we rely upon, on the European Commission website.

---

9. Cookies and tracking technologies

We use cookies to analyse how you use our Services. In addition, pixels, web beacons, tags and scripts may be
used by Fever and our partners, affiliates, analytics or service providers. These technologies are used for
measuring performance of our email campaigns, analysing trends, administering the Services, analytics and
tracking users' behaviours regarding the Services and to gather demographic information about our user
base as a whole. We receive reports and build internal dashboards based on the use of these technologies on
an individual as well as aggregated basis.

---

• Marketing: Fever may use cookies to help deliver marketing campaigns and track their
performance (e.g., a user visited feverup.com and then made a ticket purchase). Similarly, Fever's
partners may use cookies to provide us with information about your interactions with their services,
but use of those third-party cookies would be subject to the service provider's policies. They help to
manage content relevance more efficiently based on your preferences and to refine and improve
product offerings aligned with your interests.

---

Ο Pixels: These are small, virtually invisible, pixel-sized programs hosted on our Websites or Apps
that create a link between your visit to our Websites or Apps and a third party. When the pixel is
loaded, the third party places a cookie on your device for analytical and advertising purposes.

---

• Third-Party Cookies: These cookies come from external sources, not our Websites. They are often
employed by our advertising or analytics partners (eg. Google, Meta, etc.) to follow your activity across
various sites, which allows for personalized advertising and helps gather broad usage statistics.
Ο Read more about how Google handles personal information

---

9.6 Information sharing from cookies

Depending on your consent to the use of certain cookies, the data gathered via cookies may be shared with
selected partners and service providers who assist us with various functions, such as website analytics,
advertising, and improving user experience.

Please, take into account that some of our service providers may be based outside of the European Economic
Area (EEA), in countries that might not initially provide the same level of data protection as within the EEA, as
required by relevant data protection laws (e.g., the General Data Protection Regulation). These countries could
include the home countries of third-party cookie providers that work with us in the use and placement of
cookies.

In those cases, Fever will conduct those data transfers in accordance with standard contractual clauses pre-
approved by the European Commission. For further details on these protective measures or to confirm their
provision, you can reach out to us using the contact information provided above. Additionally, you can learn
about the personal data transfers by the third parties by reviewing their respective policies on their websites.
Please note that Fever is not liable for their individual adherence to applicable regulations.

---

12. Personal Data from third data subjects

In the event that, in connection with the purchase of a ticket for an experience or event, it is necessary or you
voluntarily provide us with the Personal Data of friends, relatives or other attendees, you guarantee and are
responsible for having correctly informed them regarding the processing of their Personal Data by Fever and
the organiser of the event, in accordance with the terms set forth in this Privacy Notice.

---

14. Third-party sites

The Services contain links and pages to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that this Privacy
Notice applies only to the Personal Data that we collect through the Services and we cannot be responsible
for Personal Data that third parties may collect, store and use through their websites. You should always read
carefully the Privacy Notices of each website you visit.

---

Fever will collect, use, and disclose your Personal Data in accordance with section 5 of
this Privacy Notice, solely for the purposes outlined herein. Fever utilises Amazon Web
Services (Ireland) as its service provider for storing your Personal Data.

---

Fever will collect, use, and disclose your Personal information in accordance with
section 5 of this Privacy Notice, solely for the purposes outlined herein. Fever utilises
Amazon Web Services (Ireland) as its service provider for storing your Personal Data.

---

Fever will collect, use, and disclose your Personal information in accordance with
section 5 of this Privacy Notice, solely for the purposes outlined herein. Fever utilises
Amazon Web Services (Ireland) as its service provider for storing your Personal Data.

---

Privacy Notice variations
If applicable, in addition to the rights listed above in section 13, you have the right to:
• seek information as to all the data fiduciaries with whom your Personal Data
has been shared, along with the categories of Personal Data so shared.

---

Please note that you can only request erasure of personal information, discontinuation
of data processing, or discontinuation of transfer of personal information when the
purpose of use is found to have been violated, the personal information was collected
illegally, or your consent was obtained illegally.

---

Privacy Notice variations
Fever will not sell your Personal Data to any third-party. However, there are specific
circumstances outlined in section 7 where Fever may need to share your personal
information with third parties. Please, refer to such section to obtain additional
information.

---

Privacy Notice variations
• California: "Do not sell my personal information".
Ο Fever adheres to the privacy regulations in place and ensures that it neither
sells nor shares personal information in violation of these regulations.
However, there are specific circumstances outlined in section 7 where Fever
may share personal information in accordance with applicable exemptions,
such as sharing with service providers, partners, event organisers or when
consent is properly obtained.
Ο For users concerned about data sharing through cookies and tracking
technologies, there is an option to opt-out of such sharing. This can be done
through the "Do not sell my personal information" or "Cookies management"
panel located at the bottom of the webpage.