In this Notice, "Transportation Company" means any third party that employs or otherwise engages you to assist in providing the Services.
Examples include Delivery Service Partners (DSPs), Amazon Freight Partners (AFPs), and carriers operating in the Relay Program. If you are
not employed or otherwise engaged by a third party to assist in providing the Services, references to a Transportation Company do not
apply to you.

---
• Information automatically collected by Amazon Transportation Technology: We'll automatically collect and store certain types of
information through Amazon Transportation Technology, including any time you are logged into or using Amazon Transportation
Technology. "Amazon Transportation Technology" means any applications we ask you to use in order to perform the Services (including the
Amazon application used to provide the Services, referred to as the "Amazon Transportation App") and any devices Amazon provides or asks
your Transportation Company or another third party to provide to you in connection with the Services, including devices installed in the
vehicle you operate or trailers and other equipment you may haul. Amazon Transportation Technology may include applications or devices
that are developed or managed by a third party ("Technology Partner").

---
• Information from other sources: We may receive and store information about you from other sources, including from Technology Partners,
service providers, shippers, customers and other delivery recipients, and government authorities such as law enforcement or local councils
enforcing speeding or parking fines or investigating accidents. Click here to see examples of information we receive. Our use and sharing of
information we receive from a third party is covered by this Notice but the third party's practices are covered by its own privacy notice

---
• Complying with legal obligations and protecting Amazon, you, and others: In certain cases, we collect and use your personal
information to comply with the law. For instance, we may use or share data related to your compliance with health and safety standards or
requirements for operating regulated commercial vehicles. We may also use your personal information to enforce or apply our contract with
you or your Transportation Company, or to protect the rights or property of Amazon, you or your Transportation Company, our customers,
or others. For example, we may use some of your personal information to support insurance claims or other disputes.

---
Does Amazon share my personal information?
We share your personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to
this Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Notice.
• Your Transportation Company: We may share some of your personal information with your Transportation Company, including your
location, the parcels or freight assigned to you, the status of your progress, accidents or other incidents in which you may be involved, and
your compliance with health and safety rules or standards. Your Transportation Company may use this information to support its programs
and operations, including for safety purposes and to confirm your eligibility to perform the Services, for employment purposes (if
applicable), for incident investigations, or as needed in the course of providing the Services.
• Third-party service providers: We may share your personal information with third parties who provide services to us or to your
Transportation Company, such as the Technology Partners that install or manage the Amazon Transportation Technology you use, shippers
in order to facilitate your check-in at third-party sites, survey companies, or background check service providers. These third-party service
providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes except with your
consent or as permitted or required by law.
• Business transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, relevant
business data (which may include your personal information) is generally one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the
promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice (unless you consent otherwise).
• Shippers, customers, and delivery recipients: We may share some personal information, such as your first name, photo, and location data,
with shippers, customers, or other delivery recipients when you are providing Services to protect your safety and the safety of others, to
enable shippers, customers, or other delivery recipients to see the status and location of their shipment or delivery, and to improve the
shipping or delivery experience.
• Complying with legal obligations and protection of Amazon, you, and others: We may share your personal information when we believe it
is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our contract with you or your Transportation Company, or to protect the rights,
property, or safety of Amazon, you or your Transportation Company, our customers, or others. For example, we may release some of your
personal information for insurance claims, law enforcement requests, or in connection with investigations or legal proceedings.
• Upon your request or authorization: We may share some of your personal information with other parties when you request or authorize us
to do so.

---
Does Amazon transfer my personal information outside of the country in which I provide Services?
We may transfer your personal information to countries outside the country or region where you perform Services, for example, when we or
one of our service providers works with employees or equipment in other countries, in which case it may be subject to that specific country's

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
laws.

---
Information from other sources. Examples of information we may receive from other sources include:
• Amazon customer surveys, feedback, and complaints;
• Results of surveys conducted by third parties on our behalf;
• Information, including video recordings, from research studies conducted to develop or improve safety programs, products, and services;
• Information on accidents and alleged traffic and parking violations; and
• Information regarding whether you passed a background check, including a criminal check, and the results of drug or alcohol screening.

---
Who will have access to your personal information from Camera Technology?
• Your Transportation Company. Your personal information may be made available to your Transportation Company, including through a

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
secure portal hosted by us or the relevant Technology Partner. Your Transportation Company may use this information to support its safety
programs and operations, for employment purposes (if applicable), for incident investigations, or as needed in the course of providing the
Services.
• Amazon personnel and group companies. We may make your personal information available to designated Amazon personnel, including
those who are responsible for the safety of drivers, investigation of accidents and on-road incidents, and the accuracy of in-vehicle alerts.
Your personal information may also be disclosed by Amazon to other Amazon affiliates on a need-to-know basis or where such entities
otherwise have lawful access to your personal information. All Amazon entities we share your information with are either subject to this
Camera Technology Notice or follow practices that are at least as protective as those described in this Camera Technology Notice.
• Third-party service providers. Third-party service providers are permitted to access, use, and retain your personal information only for
the purpose of providing services to Amazon or to your Transportation Company or to improve services provided to Amazon or to your
Transportation Company as described in this Camera Technology Notice and only in a manner consistent with this Camera Technology
Notice.
• Insurers, authorities, opposing parties, and professional advisors. Under appropriate circumstances, such as insurance claims, disputes,
investigations, or legal proceedings, your personal information may be disclosed to insurers, courts, governmental or administrative
authorities, opposing parties, professional advisors, or as otherwise permitted under applicable laws.

---
Amazon may require users of the Amazon Transportation Technology to provide a photo for identification purposes. Amazon may derive a
scan of your face geometry or similar biometric data for identification purposes ("Facial Recognition Information") from (i) your provided
photos, (ii) your driver's license or government-issued ID, and (iii) for drivers of fleet vehicles equipped with Camera Technology, photos and
videos taken by onboard cameras. Amazon uses your Facial Recognition Information derived from such photos for identification purposes,
including to make sure it is you who is performing the Services, that your log-in credentials are not misused by a third party, or to identify
and address fraud, theft, and other incidents. We will seek your consent before collecting your Facial Recognition Information. Your photo
may also be used on your in-app ID card and to identify you to Amazon personnel, shippers, customers, and other delivery recipients.

---
Amazon may disclose your photos to our third-party providers or have such third-party providers collect your photo directly via use of their
technology, but such third-party providers will only be permitted to access, use, retain, and share Facial Recognition Information for the
purpose of providing services to Amazon or improving services provided to Amazon as described in this Notice and only in a manner
consistent with this Notice. Amazon does not otherwise share your photos or Facial Recognition Information with any third parties and does
not sell your photos or Facial Recognition Information.

---
This additional state-specific privacy disclosure page ("Disclosure") supplements the Ground Transportation Privacy Notice ("Notice"). In
connection with the Services, this Notice describes the personal information that we collect, the sources from which we collect it, the
purposes for which we use it, the limited circumstances under which we share personal information, and with whom we share it. These
additional disclosures are required by the California Privacy Rights Act, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy
Rights Act:

---
2. Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose. The personal information that Amazon disclosed to the third
parties identified in the "Does Amazon share my personal information?" section of the Notice about you for a business purpose in the
twelve months prior to the date of this Disclosure falls into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act:
o identifiers such as your name, address, or government-issued ID, for example if we use a third-party provider to conduct a background
check;
o information that may reveal or reflect age, gender, race, citizenship, immigration status, or other protected classifications, for example if
we share your drivers' license with a service provider to confirm your eligibility to provide Services;
o internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a service provider to help us gather crash reports for analyzing
the health of our services or the devices provided to you in connection with the Services;
o biometric information, for example if we use a service provider to verify your identity, and you have provided consent;
o geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, such as providing a shipper or delivery recipient with updates regarding
your location or progress through delivery and shipment routes;
o audio and visual information, for example, if you provide Services through an AFP, we might use a service provider to help assess videos
with audio recordings and images collected through Camera Technology for potentially unsafe driving behaviors;
o professional or employment-related information, for example if we share your information with a service provider to confirm your
eligibility to provide Services or compliance with health and safety rules or standards, or if we share accident information with your
Transportation Company to support programs and operations; and
o inference data, for example if we use a service provider to help us detect potentially unsafe driving behaviors.

---
3. Your Data Rights: You may have certain data rights under the California Privacy Rights Act in connection with the Services, including to
request information about the collection of your personal information by Amazon, to access your personal information in a portable format,
and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, please contact transportation-
privacy@amazon.com or contact your driver support service through your Amazon Transportation App. You may also have the right to
appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. To ensure the security
of your account and personal information, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already
provided. If you do not have an account, or if you are an authorized agent under the California Privacy Rights Act, please contact
transportation-privacy@amazon.com. Where you have provided consent for us to collect, use, or share your information, you may have the
ability to revoke that consent. Revoking your consent may affect your eligibility to provide the Services.

---
5. California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure. The categories of data that Amazon collects and discloses for a
business purpose include "sensitive personal information" as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. Amazon does not use or
disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.