8. Social Network Accounts: If you choose to link, connect, or login to
Shopify Consumer Services through a third party online service, you
direct the service to send us certain information about you controlled
by that service, such as profile information. This sharing is subject to
the applicable privacy notices and your privacy settings of that
service.
---
4. Advertise, Market and Promote Shopify and Shopify Merchants: To
market, advertise, and promote Shopify and Shopify Merchants on
and off Shopify, including for personalized communications or
advertisements relating to Shopify and Shopify Merchants on third-
party services. You can opt-out of our use of your Personal Data to
show you marketing and advertisements based on your interaction
with different Shopify Merchants here.
---
When Shopify processes your Personal Data from Merchants you interact
or shop with in order to help Merchants run their Stores and to provide
business services to our Merchants, we are acting at the direction of the
Merchant, and the Merchants' terms of service and privacy policy apply
-not Shopify's. For more information about how Merchants collect and
use Personal Data when you visit and make purchases in their Stores,
review the Merchant's terms and privacy policy.
---
4. Third-Parties Who May Receive Personal
Data
Depending on which Shopify services you use or interact with and
Merchants you visit, Shopify may provide Personal Data to the following
categories of third parties or in the following circumstances:
1. Vendors: Shopify works with third-party service providers to provide,
support, and improve Shopify services and technical infrastructure,
for business services, such as payment processing, including in
relation to purchases made when you use Shopify services, and for
marketing and business analytics.
2. Marketing, Advertising, and Analytics Partners: We may use third-
party marketing, advertising, and analytics partners to deliver
personalized advertising and to help us understand how people use
or interact with Shopify services and our Merchants. These partners
may receive information about your use of, or interactions with,
Shopify services and our Merchants, including through third-party
cookies or other technologies. For example, we may make information
available to third-party advertising companies to serve you with
relevant ads or content and to manage, improve and measure our
advertising campaigns. Providing information to certain third parties
for advertising services may be considered "sharing" or "targeted
advertising," as defined by certain privacy laws that may apply in your
jurisdiction. You can opt-out of our sharing of your Personal Data for
targeted advertising here.
3. Change of Control: We may share Personal Data with actual or
prospective acquirers, their representatives and other relevant
participants in, or during negotiations of, any sale, merger, acquisition,
restructuring, or change in control involving all or a portion of
Shopify's business or assets, including in connection with bankruptcy
or similar proceedings.
4. Legal Reasons: We may share Personal Data as needed to: (1) comply
with applicable law or respond to, investigate, or participate in valid
legal process and proceedings, including from law enforcement or
government agencies; (2) enforce or investigate potential violations of
our terms or policies; (3) detect, prevent, or investigate potential
fraud, abuse, or safety and security concerns, including threats to the
public; (4) meet our corporate and social responsibility commitments;
(5) protect our and our Merchants and users' rights and property; and
(6) resolve disputes and enforce agreements.
5. Sharing at Your Discretion: Where you provide consent, we share
your Personal Data as described at the time of consent, such as when
connecting with a third party application or website.
---
5. Third Party Partners & Integrations
Parts of Shopify services may link to third party services. Shopify doesn't
own or control these third parties. When you interact with these third
parties and choose to use their services, your use is subject to the
privacy policies of those providers.
---
4. Right to opt out of Sharing or Targeted Advertising: Right to direct us
not to share your Personal Data with third parties for targeted
advertising or to use information about your interactions with Shopify
Merchants to show you targeted advertisements and marketing. To
opt-out of having your Personal Data used for these purposes, visit
our privacy portal.
---
You may have additional rights with Shopify Merchants. For information
and any choices related to how an individual Merchant enables Shopify to
use your data, see that Merchant's website and policies.