INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy contains important information as it sets out how Wegital HK Limited (hereinafter referred to as “we” or “us”) processes the personal
data of visitors of Lark Player (hereinafter referred to as the "App"), including employees of customers and suppliers and other third parties ("hereinafter
referred to as "you"). We attach great importance to the protection of your privacy and personal data. This Privacy Policy explains to you how we collect,
use, store, share, transfer, or otherwise process your personal data, or in the case of business users any individuals acting on your behalf.
---
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
1. What Personal Data We Collect from You
Aggregated Personal Data refers to data that has been carefully de-identified and anonymized to ensure that it cannot be linked back to any specific
individual. We may aggregate personal data or collect aggregated data from our users, which is essential for enhancing the functionality and performance
of our services. This enables us to analyse user behaviours, improve our product's features, develop new products and services, conduct research, and other
similar purposes. We use this information to gain insights into overall usage patterns and trends, helping us make data-driven decisions to enhance the user
experience. In some cases, we may also choose to share or publish this aggregated information.
In addition, from time to time, we may share or publish aggregated information, like general user statistics, with third parties. We collect this information
through the services. We will maintain and use de-identified information in anonymous or de-identified form, and we will not attempt to re-identify the
information, unless required by law.
We are committed to adhering to relevant privacy and data protection regulations and our Privacy Policy in all our data aggregation activities. If you have
any questions or concerns regarding data aggregation, please read our full Privacy Policy for more details on how we handle and safeguard your
information. Your privacy and security are our top priorities.