Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect
information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software
provided on or in connection with Hair Care services (collectively, the
"Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your
information.
---
Analytics information:
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage
trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device
or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other
information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use
this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so
that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual
User.
---
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your
devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or
the third party.
---
A device identifier Hair Care deliver information to us or to a third party
partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or
others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of
---
the Service Hair Care not function properly if use or availability of device
identifiers is impaired or disabled.
---
3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Hair
Care (or the group of companies of which Hair Care is a part) without
your consent, except as Parties with whom we may share your
information: in this Policy.
Parties with whom we Hair Care share your information:
We Hair Care share User Content and your information (including but
not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers,
location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the
same group of companies that Hair Care is part of, or that become part of
---
that group ("Affiliates”). Affiliates Hair Care use this information to help
provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing
analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with
better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the
choices you make about who can see your photos.
---
We also may share your information as well as information from tools
like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-
party organizations that help us provide the Service to you (“Service
Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your
information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under
reasonable confidentiality terms.
---
We Hair Care also share certain information such as cookie data with
third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-
party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted
advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
---
We Hair Care remove parts of data that can identify you and share
anonymized data with other parties.
---
We Hair Care also combine your information with other information in a
way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated
information.
---
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Hair Care or our
assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a
merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your
information such as User Content and any other information collected
through the Service Hair Care be among the items sold or transferred.
You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will
have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
---
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:
We Hair Care access, preserve and share your information in response to
a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have
a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This Hair Care
include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the
India where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by
law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent
with internationally recognized standards. We Hair Care also access,
preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is
necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity;
to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations;
and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive
about you Hair Care be accessed, processed and retained for an extended
period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation,
governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible
violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
---
Storage and Processing:
Your information collected through the Service Hair Care be stored and
processed in India or any other country in which Hair Care, its Affiliates
or Service Providers maintain facilities.
---
Hair Care, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information
that we collect about you, including personal information across borders
and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions
around the world. If you are located in the US, European Union or other
regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from
Indian law, please note that we may transfer information, including
personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the
same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
---
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of
information to India or to any other country in which Hair Care, its
Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and
disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.