3. Third party accounts & Sharing of personal data
---
(I)When you use our email support services, we collect your correspondence in order to build up a public knowledge
base, which will be available to all users of the site. Your correspondence will most likely not be used verbatim, but
paraphrased in an FAQ format.
---
Sharing of personal data
To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on
our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data
analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these
companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
---
4. Legal basis for data processing
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process
personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide
you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply
with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to
law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the
security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our
customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising
purposes).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
5. International transfers of personal data
Our business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area
("EEA"), including to countries such as the People' s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to
ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as
standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting our Help Center.
---
Transparency and Choice
You can also control which social websites you wish to share or upload.