This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate and
non-personal information, and we may share such data about our users with
third parties for various purposes. This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated
into PicCollage's Terms of Service ("Terms of Service”).

---
You are about to enter into a contract with us where we provide PicCollage
Services and you agree to our Terms of Service. Our lawful bases for processing
your Personal Information include (a) where you have provided consent for one
or more specific purposes, (b) where processing is necessary for the
performance of a contract with you, (c) where processing is necessary to comply
with a legal obligation, and (d) where processing is necessary in furtherance of
our legitimate interests, or those of a third-party, provided that the protection of
your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not conflict with our or
such third-party interests. PicCollage Services are not directed at children under

---
6. The right to portability. As the data subject, you can request that we transfer
any of your data held by us to another company.

---
• These companies include Google and Amplitude.
• You can learn more about the information they collect and analyze to
ensure that PicCollage Services provides an optimum user experience
by clicking on the links above.

---
• These uploaded images and the generated outputs created by us and/or
our trusted third-party partners (e.g., stylized and/or transformed results)
may be stored on our servers in order to provide users with a persistent
history of their creations. Images uploaded to our trusted third-party
partners are deleted automatically according to each such partner's data
retention policies (see more info in Data Retention and Deletion). This
enables users to:
• View past creations when logged into their account.
• Sync their history across multiple devices.
• Re-download content even after switching devices.

---
• Zendesk: to provide users with an efficient way to communicate with
Cardinal Blue Software (about the usage of PicCollage Services), we use
Zendesk, a customer service platform, to receive your feedback and offer
timely responses to any questions you have. Please note we will receive
your IP address and email address when you try to contact us through
Zendesk.

---
2. to communicate with you or third parties. We may use your contact
information to send communications about critical elements of the PicCollage
Services such as technical issues or security alerts.

---
7. to provide relevant advertising such as showing you ads that are tailored for
you. The advertisements are provided by Google. Please click on the link to
learn more about the information we share with them and how they process it
to serve you personalized content.

---
With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
Personal Information (and non-personal information) collected through the
PicCollage Services may be shared with companies and organizations that
perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data
management or other support services to us such as Heroku). We may share
your Personal Information (and non-personal information) with third-party
advertising services (including Google) to serve you relevant advertising and
market our products, but we won't sell your Personal Information. We may also
share the content you are creating in the app with trusted third-party partners to
provide you with services within the app, such as OpenAl for image and video
processing. Also, we may disclose the Personal Information we collect through the
PicCollage Services to government authorities, industry peers or other third
parties when we, in good faith, believe (i) there has been a violation of our terms,
policies, or the law or (ii) disclosure is required to:
1. comply with a legal obligation;
2. protect and defend our rights or property;
3. detect, investigate or prevent fraud or other illegal activity;
4. protect the safety, security, and integrity of our products, employees, users, or
the public;
5. protect against legal liability;
6. provide you with services in the app. We may upload your visual data (content
you are creating in the app that may include raw Face Data) to trusted third-
party services that we partner with for processing. These providers are
contractually obligated to handle user data in accordance with applicable
privacy laws and industry standards. Please review their privacy policies to
understand how they store and use your data.
• OpenAl. Privacy Policy: https://openai.com/privacy
• Google Gemini. Privacy Policy:
https://support.google.com/gemini/answer/13594961
• Replicate. Privacy Policy: https://replicate.com/privacy
• Flux. Privacy Policy: https://fluxl.ai/privacy
7. enforce the Terms of Service or other agreements that govern your use of the
PicCollage Services and/or any of our other services;

---
policy is to provide you with reasonable advance notice under the circumstances
unless we are prohibited from doing so by law or court order (e.g., an order under
18 U.S.C. § 2705(b)). We may disclose your information without giving you prior
notice if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm
to a person. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections
or defenses you might have to efforts by third parties to compel disclosure of
your information, including legal orders from the government. Your Personal
Information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another
company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale,
merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the
acquiring company's use of your Personal Information will still be subject to this
Privacy Policy.

---
If you contact us at support@cardinalblue.comand
request we delete your data, and provided that you have an account with us, you
may also request that we facilitate deletion of any data stored on third-party
services that could be connected to your account. These third parties may
include:
• Amazon Web Services, where we operate cloud storage services
• Meta/Facebook, only if you have previously logged into Facebook through
PicCollage Services
• Google, who we partner with to provide in app ads

---
• Temporarily processed data on any third-party service is deleted
automatically according to the relevant third-party service data retention
policy.
• Replicate: User data is automatically deleted 1 hour after the service is used.
See more details in the company's privacy policy:
https://replicate.com/privacy

---
• data stored by us on third-party services we use, such as
• Google Cloud
• Amazon Web Services

---
In some instances we also use Google Admob to show you advertising in the app.
On Apple devices we do not allow Google to collect your identifying data. If you
are using an Android device, you may request deletion or reset your advertising
ID. This will delete any data in Google Admob that could be connected to your
device via our services. To do this:
1. On your Android device, go to Settings.
2. For those on Pixel devices: Tap Privacy > Ads (sometimes Ads can appear in
Advanced drop-down menu)
3. For those on Samsung devices: Tap Google > All Services > Ads
4. Tap Reset Advertising ID and confirm your changes.

---
DATA STORAGE AND TRANSFER
Your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy is stored, processed and
transferred to the United States, Taiwan and any other country or jurisdiction
where Cardinal Blue Software, its subsidiaries, service providers and affiliates
maintain facilities or employ staff. By agreeing to the terms in this Privacy Policy
and by using PicCollage Services, you agree to these transfers of data taking
place.
If you reside in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), the United Kingdom, or
Switzerland, your Personal Information may be processed on servers located
outside these regions for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. This includes
processing and storage in our facilities and servers in the United States and
Taiwan. Although data protection laws vary by country and may not provide the
same level of protection as in your home country, we apply the safeguards
described in this Policy to your information regardless of where it is processed.
When transferring information outside the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we rely on
the following transfer mechanisms to comply with applicable data protection
laws:

---
For more information or to obtain a copy of the appropriate safeguards we have
in place when transferring your information, please contact us using the
information found at the bottom of this document.

---
We take reasonable security and organizational measures to protect your
Personal Information (including preventing the loss, misuse, unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration and destruction of your Personal Information) in
accordance with the laws that govern the jurisdiction in which you are located.
For example, we use industry standard encryption when transferring your data in
and out of the PicCollage Services. However, we cannot guarantee that
unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures. If you
use a password on the PicCollage Services, you are responsible for keeping it
confidential. Do not share it with any other person. If you believe your password
has been misused or your account compromised, please advise us immediately.

---
A NOTE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, please see our Terms of Service to learn about
your rights and access to data under the CCPA. Additionally, California Civil Code
Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of
your Personal Information (if any) by Cardinal Blue Software to third parties for
the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make this request, please email
support@cardinalblue.com or contact us using this address: Cardinal Blue
Software, P.O. Box 390677, Mountain View, CA 94039. If you are a California
resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this Privacy
Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits
you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly
posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description
of the specific content or information to support@cardinalblue.com. Please be
aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal
of the content or information you have posted and that there may be
circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if
requested.