1. DEFINITIONS:
(a) “We”, “Our”, and “Us” shall mean and refer to the creators of this privacy policy.
(b) "You", "Your”, “Yourself” and “User” shall mean individuals who use the website.
(c) "Third Parties” refer to any application, website, company or individual apart from Amber.
(d) "Accommodation” refers to student rooms, individual apartments, houses etc
(e)"third party accommodation partner” refers to the our accommodation partners which includes
property management groups, individual property managers, landlords etc

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

4. COOKIES:
We use data collection device known as "cookies" at our website. "Cookies" are small files situated
on Your mobile/ computer/ device's hard disk that assists Us in providing customised services. A
cookie helps us analyse your preferences by, for example, recording the number of times you have
used the Website, and help us in tailoring our services to suit your interests. We use various
analytics tools and social media engagement tool which sets a cookie on your device. Data may be
collected by social media companies that may enable them showing advertisements. A “cookie”
does not give Us access to your device. You may choose to disable the “cookie” feature on Your
device.

---

5. OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION:
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes.
The information given by you shall be used to contact You when necessary. After your oral or written
confirmation, information will be passed on to our third party accommodation partners or your
university or relevant authorities for booking your Accommodation. Please read third party
accommodation partner's privacy policy before giving oral or written confirmation

---

6. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES:
• Information will be passed on to our third party accommodation partners for booking your
Accommodation after your oral or written confirmation.
• Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our
site.
• In case We get acquired by a company, we may share your information to that company
• If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal
obligation or to protect privacy and safety of Amber or other user we can disclose your
information to various government agencies and/or third party enforcement agencies

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

8. WHERE WE SAVE YOUR DATA
The data that we collect from you is processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us.
Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your accommodation booking.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all
steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this
privacy policy.