1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure and protection of
your information when you use our website www.eatsure.com, or the Eat sure mobile application (collectively,
"EatSure Platform”) made available by Rebel Marketplace Private Limited(“”, “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our”), a
private company established under the laws of India having its registered office at Office No. 101, 1st Floor, Lalwani
House B Plot No. 78 and 79, Sakore Nagar, Viman nagar Pune 411014, Maharashtra, India.
---
2. CONSENT
Please read this policy carefully to understand Eatsure's policies and practices regarding your information and how
EatSure will treat it. By accessing or using its Services and/or registering for an account with EatSure, you agree to this
privacy policy and you are consenting to EatSure's collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your
personal information as described here. If you do not provide the information EatSure requires, EatSure may not be
able to provide all of its Services to you.
---
3. APPLICABILITY OF OUR POLICY
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that you provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party, such as social
networks that you use in connection with its Services. EatSure encourages you to consult directly with such third-
parties about their privacy practices.
---
4. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
Information you give us This includes information submitted when you:
i. Create or update your EatSure account, which may include your name, email, phone number, login name and
password, address, payment or banking information, date of birth and profile picture. If you sign in to the EatSure
Platform through third-party sign-in services such as Facebook, Google Plus or Gmail or any other social networking
or similar site (collectively, “SNS”), an option of which may be provided to you by EatSure at its sole discretion, you
will be allowing us to pass through and receive from the SNS your log-in information and other user data; or
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
5. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
With regard to each of your visits to the EatSure Platform, we will automatically collect and analyze the following
demographic and other information:
iii. Usage and Preference Information: We collect information as to how you interact with our Services, preferences
expressed and settings chosen. EatSure Platform includes the EatSure advertising services (“Ad Services”), which
may collect user activity and browsing history within the EatSure Platform and across third-party sites and online
services, including those sites and services that include our ad pixels (“Pixels”), widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related
services or through the use of cookies. Our Ad Services collect browsing information including without limitation your
Internet protocol (IP) address and location, your login information, browser type and version, date and time stamp,
user agent, EatSure cookie ID (if applicable), time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system
and platform, and other information about user activities on the EatSure Platform, as well as on third party sites and
services that have embedded our Pixels, widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related services;
---
5. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
v. Device Information: We may collect information about the devices you use to access our Services, including the
hardware models, operating systems and versions, software, file names and versions, preferred languages, unique
device identifiers, advertising identifiers, serial numbers, device motion information and mobile network information.
Analytics companies may use mobile device IDs to track your usage of the EatSure Platform;
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
6. INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM OTHER SOURCES -
i. We may receive information about you from third parties, such as other users, partners (including ad partners,
analytics providers, search information providers), or our affiliated companies or if you use any of the other
websites/apps we operate or the other Services we provide. Users of our Ad Services and other third-parties may
share information with us such as the cookie ID, device ID, or demographic or interest data, and information about
content viewed or actions taken on a third-party website, online services or apps. For example, users of our Ad
Services may also be able to share customer list information (e.g., email or phone number) with us to create
customized audience segments for their ad campaigns.
ii. When you sign in to EatSure Platform with your SNS account, or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the
Services, you consent to our collection, storage, and use, in accordance with this Policy, of the information that you
make available to us through the social media interface. This could include, without limitation, any information that
you have made public through your social media account, information that the social media service shares with us, or
information that is disclosed during the sign-in process. Please see your social media provider's privacy policy and
help center for more information about how they share information when you choose to connect your account.
---
7. COOKIES
Our EatSure Platform and third parties with whom we partner, may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, mobile
device IDs, "flash cookies” and similar files or technologies to collect and store information with respect to your use of
the Services and third-party websites.
---
7. COOKIES
We may also allow third parties to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us, to serve
advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs and other technologies to identify your device when you visit the
EatSure Platform and use our Services, as well as when you visit other online sites and services.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
We may combine the information that we receive from third parties with the information you give to us and information
we collect about you for the purposes set out above. Further, we may anonymize and/or de-identify information
collected from you through the Services or via other means, including via the use of third-party web analytic tools. As a
result, our use and disclosure of aggregated and/or de-identified information is not restricted by this Policy, and it may
be used and disclosed to others without limitation.
---
9. DISCLOSURE AND DISTRIBUTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information that we collect for following purposes:
1. With Service Providers: We may share your information with our vendors, consultants, marketing partners, research
firms and other service providers or business partners, such as Payment processing companies, to support our
business. For example, your information may be shared with outside vendors to send you emails and messages or
push notifications to your devices in relation to our Services, to help us analyze and improve the use of our Services,
to process and collect payments. We also may use vendors for other projects, such as conducting surveys or
organizing sweepstakes for us.
2. With Partner Restaurants/Merchant: While you place a request to order food through the EatSure Platform, your
information is provided to us and to the restaurants/merchants with whom you may choose to order. In order to
facilitate your online food order processing, we provide your information to that restaurant/merchant in a similar
manner as if you had made a food order directly with the restaurant. If you provide a mobile phone number, EatSure
may send you text messages regarding the order's delivery status.
3. When we disclose such Information to third parties we make appropriate arrangements as required under applicable
law to restrict for the disclosure when we transfer your personal data to such third parties. We enter into appropriate
contractual arrangements to ensure that they maintain similar levels of data protection as we would. You may be
notified when another business is involved along with us in processing your transaction and we share use or disclose
customer information related to processing of those transaction with that business as needed to fulfill your order. Your
personal data may be transferred stored and process outside India by using our services you consent to such storage
and processing.
4. With Other Users: If you are a delivery partner, we may share your name, phone number and/or profile picture (if
applicable), tracking details with other users to provide them the Services.
5. For Crime Prevention or Investigation: We may share this information with governmental agencies or other
companies assisting us, when we are:
• Obligated under the applicable laws or in good faith to respond to court orders and processes; or
• Detecting and preventing against actual or potential occurrence of identity theft, fraud, abuse of Services and other
illegal acts;
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
•
•
Responding to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the intellectual property rights of a
third party;
Under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements,
policies or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others, or in the event of a
claim or dispute relating to your use of our Services. This includes exchanging information with other companies
and organizations for the purposes of fraud detection and credit risk reduction.
6. For Internal Use:We may share your information with any present or future member of our “Group” (as defined
below)or affiliates for our internal business purposes The term “Group” means, with respect to any person, any entity
that is controlled by such person, or any entity that controls such person, or any entity that is under common control
with such person, whether directly or indirectly, or, in the case of a natural person, any Relative (as such term is
defined in the Companies Act, 1956 and Companies Act, 2013 to the extent applicable) of such person.
7. With Advertisers and advertising networks:We may work with third parties such as network advertisers to serve
advertisements on the EatSure Platform and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking
platforms). These third parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and
other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
While you cannot opt out of advertising on the EatSure Platform, you may opt out of much interest-based advertising
on third party sites and through third party ad networks (including DoubleClick Ad Exchange, Facebook Audience
Network and Google AdSense). Opting out means that you will no longer receive personalized ads by third parties ad
networks from which you have opted out, which is based on your browsing information across multiple sites and
online services. If you delete cookies or change devices, your opt out may no longer be effective.
•
•
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
We may share your information other than as described in this Policy if we notify you and you consent to the
sharing.
---
11. OPT-OUT
If you wish to withdraw your consent for the use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner provided in
this Policy, please write to us at goodness@eatsure.com. Please note that we may take time to process such requests,
and your request shall take effect no later than 5 (Five) business days from the receipt of such request, after which we
will not use your personal data for any processing unless required by us to comply with our legal obligations. We may
not be able offer you any or all Services upon such withdrawal of your consent.