Transparency about how we collect and use your personal data, including
when and how it is shared.
---
About this privacy policy
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share, transfer and sell (for
California residents only) your personal data when you use the services
provided on our sites or interact with us. This privacy policy also explains
your data privacy rights.
---
Sometimes our sites may contain links to sites and services that are not part
of the Guardian family of offerings. These sites and services have their own
privacy policies. If you follow a link to these non-Guardian sites and apps,
you should read the privacy policy shown on their site.
---
If you are a provider of content in a freelance or other commercial capacity
and/or a third party licensee customer of our content products and services,
please refer to our Contributor & Licensing Customers privacy policy here.
---
Personal data we collect from third parties, e.g. personal data that helps us
to combat fraud or which we collect, with your permission, when you
interact with us through your social media accounts and/or payment
service providers (e.g. Paypal).
---
Some limited data from your social media profile (further information on
this is below), if you have signed in to theguardian.com using your social
media details.
---
When you sign in to our sites using your social media ID, we will use this
personal data to form a profile for your Guardian account. If you remove the
Guardian app from your Google settings or your Apple ID, we will no longer
have access to this data. However, we will still have the personal data that
we received when you first set up your Guardian account using your Google
login, Apple ID, or any other social media sign in.
Apple
If you register or sign in with your Apple ID, you give Apple permission to
share your personal data with us. This only includes your first and last name,
and your email address. You can also choose to hide your email and Apple
will create a random email address so your personal email can stay private.
This email address will be linked to your Guardian profile and will be used to
retrieve your subscribed content.
Google
When you sign in to our sites using your Google login details, you give
Google permission to share the personal data that you have made public in
your Google profile. This only includes your first and last name, your email
address and whether your email address has been validated, a link to your
Google profile and, if you have one, your profile picture. This email address
will be linked to your Guardian profile and will be used to retrieve your
subscribed content.
---
When you post publicly (comments) on our sites
When you post on a discussion board or comment publicly on an article on
one of our sites, the personal data you post, including your username and
other information about yourself, are publicly accessible. This personal data
can be viewed online and collected by other people. We are not responsible
for the way these other people use this personal data. When contributing to a
discussion, we strongly recommend you avoid sharing any personal details,
including information that can be used to identify you directly such as your
name, age, address and name of employer. We are not responsible for the
privacy of any identifiable information that you choose to post in our online
community or other public pages of the site.
---
Purpose: When we embed content on
our site, for example to display
Guardian content on the
unbranded version of the
YouTube embedded player, we
process personal data so that
readers can access this
YouTube player.
Lawful Basis: Legitimate
Interest
Our Legitimate Interest (if applicable): To understand how users interact with our content,
for example whether users watch the full video or
only a proportion of it. This will involve using
cookies as described in our cookie policy and
sharing information with YouTube as set out in the
"When we share or sell your personal data" section
of this privacy policy. This may include content
posted by another party on YouTube which is
subject to their YouTube settings.
---
Purpose: To compare personal data we
hold about our readers and
supporters with third parties,
using a service provider's
secure tool. This personal data
is not shared with third parties
and is not used to directly
target individuals. We use this
analysis to create "segments"
of particular types of
audiences.
Lawful Basis: Legitimate
Interest
Our Legitimate Interest (if applicable): To analyse our readers and supporters to better
understand you, so that we can make our
marketing and advertising more relevant to the
"segments" that you may be in. You can opt out
from having your personal data used for marketing
analysis by going into your account to the "Data
privacy" tab.
---
Purpose: To use those "segments" to
create "custom audiences".
Lawful Basis: Legitimate
Interest
Our Legitimate Interest (if applicable): To identify our audience across third party
websites. This is normally achieved by using
cookies as described in our cookie policy. For
example we use these "custom audiences" to
present advertising on other sites. If you have a
Guardian Ad-Lite subscription, or read the Guardian
ad free, you can manage the use of cookies by
clicking the "Privacy Settings" link on our sites in
the footer of every page.
---
Purpose: To generate identifiers for the
purposes of advertising
(including personalised
advertising) based on data you
share when you create an
account, for example your
email address.
Lawful Basis: Legitimate
Interest
Our Legitimate Interest (if applicable): To identify our audience across third party websites
and to analyse our readers and supporters to better
understand you, so that we can make our
marketing and advertising more relevant to the
"segments" that you may be in. These identifiers
are generated by third parties and you can opt out
from having your personal data used for
personalised advertising by going into your account
to the "Data privacy" tab. These identifiers are then
used by cookies for personalised advertising as
described in our cookie policy. If you have a
Guardian Ad-Lite subscription, or read the Guardian
ad free, you can manage the use of cookies by
clicking the "Privacy settings" link on our sites in
the footer of every page.
---
To enable you to share our content with others using social media or
email.
---
Depending on your device, there may be specific permissions relating to
our use or sharing of your personal data with third parties.
---
Personal data shared by event partners
When you register or book a ticket for a Guardian event organised by an
event partner, your registration data may be shared with us by the event
partner.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Personal data shared by survey partners
When you participate in a survey conducted by one of our survey partners,
your email address may be shared with us by the survey partner to facilitate
follow-up research.
---
We also note and comply with the California law which prohibits sale of
personal data of consumers between 13-16 years of age unless their guardian
has authorised the sale.
---
When we share your personal data
Within the Guardian group of companies
Depending on where you live, we may share your personal data within the
Guardian group of companies in the UK, US, or Australia. We may share it in
order to perform a contract with you, for administrative purposes, or when
we have a legitimate interest in doing so. For example:
If you book an event held in Australia, at first we may hold your data on
our systems in the UK and then we may share it with the Guardian in
Australia for administration purposes.
Sometimes we may receive a letter, email or another form of
communication from you that we consider to be significant to the history
of the Guardian. We may decide to share this with the Guardian Archive
run by the Guardian Foundation for historic and archiving purposes.
We may share your data to understand how you interact across our group
products or to tailor and offer relevant advertising to you.
With external organisations
---
We share your personal data with other organisations that are not directly
linked to us under the following circumstances:
Service providers - We may share your data with other organisations that
provide services on our behalf. We may do this to perform a contract we
have entered into with you, where it is in our legitimate interests or with
your consent. Examples of when we may share your data with service
providers include sharing with:
Companies that help deliver newspapers and subscription vouchers, such
as i-Movo.
Online payments processors who process credit and debit card or other
forms of payments on our behalf.
Fraud management providers that help us to identify and prevent online
fraud.
Internet and cloud hosting services providers, such as Amazon Web
Services (AWS).
Life-cycle engagement platforms such as Braze, to help us build and
manage our campaigns and send our email communications, including
newsletters.
Software service providers such as Salesforce and mParticle that assist us
with our customer relationship management.
Communications services providers, such as our podcast service provider
called Acast.
Error tracking software providers, such as Sentry and Google Firebase, to
help us diagnose and fix errors and optimise the performance of our
website and apps.
Service providers that help us carry out analytics, facilitate audience
creation and segmentation and to measure our audience engagement. For
example, Permutive provides us with data management platform services.
Service providers that help provide us with insights and analytics that
help us to improve our products and services.
Google ReCaptcha, which we use to protect our sites from fraudulent
users.
Data management companies, such as Formstack, that help us collect data
via online forms and surveys.
Service providers that help provide online identity-as-a-service and access
management services such as Okta.
Service providers that allow us to deliver personalised advertising to your
device, such as Criteo.
Service providers that allow us to compare your personal data with
information held by advertising partners and identify if you are known to
both us and our advertising partner, such as Permutive.
YouTube because we use their unbranded embedded player to provide
video content on our websites and apps. The embedded player relies on
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
the YouTube API, which is a type of software that allows data to be
communicated between our website and apps and the YouTube player.
This will include personal data which will also be collected by cookies as
set out in our cookie policy. We will provide this data about how you
interact with videos to enable YouTube to provide statistical information
such as how many views a video has, or how many users watch the entire
video. More information about how YouTube will use this personal data,
which includes usage data when you interact or use the embedded
YouTube player, can be found at the Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Skimlinks because they are an affiliate marketing service provider. We do
not drop first or third party cookies, or otherwise access local storage
through our affiliate links. Instead we use a type of link that redirects
users into Skimlinks' network. This means we are tracking and identifying
the click, rather than individuals. Skimlinks will use IP addresses to direct
readers to the geographically relevant affiliate link. The IP address and
user agent are anonymised and truncated by Skimlinks. Third party sites
including retailers and sites in Skimlinks' network may place cookies or
collect additional information. Details about Skimlinks use of data is set
out in their privacy policy at https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policy.
Advertising partners - We may also share your data collected through our
sites with our advertising partners, as set out in our cookie policy. These
partners help us deliver relevant advertising across our sites. For example,
we use Google Ad Manager to assist us with the delivery of relevant ads.
These partners may also generate their own identifier from your device or
email address for the purpose of personalised advertising. You can find
details about these partners' use of data and opt out of their identifiers
through the following links:
LiveRamp: https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/ and opt
out - https://liveramp.uk/privacy/your-rights/
ID5: Privacy policy - https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy/ and opt out -
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
Lotame: Privacy policy - https://www.lotame.com/privacy/privacy-
notices/services/ and opt out - https://www.lotame.com/privacy/privacy-
manager/
The Trade Desk: Privacy policy -
https://www.thetradedesk.com/us/privacy and opt out -
https://adsrvr.org/
EUID: Privacy policy - https://www.transparentadvertising.eu/privacy and
opt out - https://www.transparentadvertising.eu/
UID2: Privacy policy - https://transparentadvertising.com/privacy and opt
out - https://www.transparentadvertising.com/
Affiliate marketing - When a product is linked from a Guardian article or
gallery, if the retailer has an affiliate programme, then the link will redirect
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
to the retailer website through our affiliate marketing partner, such as
Skimlinks' network. When a reader clicks on a link, Skimlinks will identify
which page the click came from and assign it a randomly generated number.
This is communicated to the retailer and associated with any subsequent
purchase. The affiliate marketing partner, such as Skimlinks, then reconciles
the list of clicks from links on the Guardian with purchases on the retailer's
site. This is used in order to calculate the commission for the Guardian.
Agencies and authorities if required by law - We may reveal your personal
data to any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority,
or in connection with any legal action if we are required to do so to meet a
legal or regulatory obligation, where the request is proportionate, or
otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of anyone else (for example, in
response to a valid and properly served legal process such as subpoena or
warrant). If we have your contact details, we will take reasonable steps to
attempt to notify you prior to disclosing your data unless (i) prohibited by
applicable law from doing so, or (ii) there are clear indications of unlawful
conduct in connection with your use of Guardian services.
Event sponsors and partners - We may share your personal data with
sponsors of Guardian events and partners who we hold events with for
marketing purposes when you have given your permission for us to do so.
We may also share your personal data with these sponsors and partners for
event administration and security purposes.
Prize draws, competitions and bids - We may share your personal data with
sponsors and partners for the purposes of selecting and notifying winners
when you participate in any of our prize draws, competitions and bids. We
may also share your data with entities offering any prize you have won in
order for that entity to contact you about such a prize.
Social media organisations - We may share your personal data with other
organisations when our web pages use social plug-ins from these
organisations (such as liking or sharing on social media). These other
organisations may receive and use personal data about your visit to our sites
or apps. If you browse our site or view content on our apps, personal data
they collect may be connected to your account on their site. For more
information on how these organisations use personal data, please read their
privacy policies.
Organisation/s that buy any of the Guardian group companies - We may share
your personal data to any other organisation that buys, or to which we
transfer all, or substantially all, of our assets and business. If this sale or
transfer takes place, we will use reasonable efforts to try to make sure that
the organisation we transfer your personal data to uses it in line with our
privacy policy.
When we share your personal data, as specified above, with any organisation
which accesses your data in the course of providing services on our behalf,
they will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
protect your data and comply with applicable law. We may also
independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our
standards.
California resident - Do not sell
These transfers to third parties may constitute “sale” of your personal
information under California law. A California resident can halt these sales at
any time by pressing the “California resident - Do not sell” link that is
located in the footer of every page on our site. Third-parties do not sell
personal information that has been sold to them by the Guardian unless you
have first received explicit notice and are provided an opportunity to
exercise the right to opt out.
International data transfers
Data we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country
or territory where one or more of our Guardian group companies or service
providers are based or have facilities. While other countries or territories
may not have the same standards of data protection as those in your home
country, we will continue to protect personal data that we transfer in line
with this privacy policy.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK or the European
Economic Area (EEA), we ensure similar protection and put in place at least
one of these safeguards:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been found
to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
We may also use specific approved contracts that use Standard
Contractual Clauses for the protection of personal data where appropriate,
with our service providers that are based in countries outside the UK or
the EEA, including those based in the US and Australia. These contracts
give your personal data the same protection it has in the UK or the EEA.
If you are located in the UK or the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the
safeguards which we have put in place for the transfer of your personal data
outside the UK or the EEA.
---
Right to Know: At or before the time of collection, you have a right to
receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal data
and sensitive personal data to be collected, the purposes for which it is
collected and used, whether such personal data is “sold or shared" and for
how long personal data is retained. These details are set out in this Privacy
Policy.
---
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Data: For individuals sixteen (16)
years or older, you have the right to opt-out of sale of personal data we
may hold on you. You can exercise this right at any time by pressing the
“California resident - Do not sell” link in the footer of every page on our
site. For individuals between thirteen (13) to sixteen (16) years old, you
have the right to opt-in to the sale of personal data we may hold on you.
---
California “Shine the Light" privacy rights
Residents of California can ask us to provide a list of the types of personal
data we have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the
identity of those third parties. We do not generally disclose personal data as
defined under the California "Shine the Light" law. To the extent that we
share email addresses with third parties in connection with online marketing
that could be covered, you may opt-out through your "Manage My Account"
choices.
---
Details about the personal information that we collect, use and disclose is set
out throughout this privacy policy. You can navigate these relevant sections
by going to the contents section at the top of the page.
---
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to collect
information about your use of the website to help create reports and
statistics on the performance of the website. Analytics cookies collect
information such as your IP address, device type and operating system,
referring URLs, location and pages visited.
---
For individuals based in the European Union:
Since we do not have an establishment in the European Union, we have
appointed an EU based representative to serve as a direct contact for data
protection authorities and individuals on our behalf, who can be contacted
at theguardian@mcf.ie or MCF Legal Technology Solutions Limited,
Riverside One, Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland.