When we use the terms “we”, “us” or “our” we refer to Cookpad and “Our Group” means entities
controlling, controlled by or under common control with Cookpad. Learn more about Our Group here.
---
4. Cookies
We and our third-party partners, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics
providers, use cookies and similar technologies to provide, support and improve Cookpad Service and each
of the uses outlined and described in this Privacy Policy. Our partners also may collect information about
your online activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or apps. Those third parties may
have their own privacy policies governing their use of your Personal Information. To switch off cookies, you
need to change your browser settings. For further information about how to do this please visit
http://www.aboutcookies.org/. Please note that if you choose to switch off cookies on your device that will
mean certain functions of our Site and App cannot operate properly and the usability of the Cookpad
Service will be affected.
---
• We, or third-party data processors acting on our behalf, use the Personal Information we collect from
you in the following ways: To provide, develop, maintain, tailor and improve the Cookpad Service and
any other services that we operate
For example, we might use your Personal Information to:
• verify your identity;
• allow access to the Site and App;
• facilitate the access and amendment of registration information;
• store information about preferences;
• customise the content on the Site and App in order to provide a more suitable, enriching and
improved user experience for you, including the online advertising displayed on the Cookpad Service;
• enable users to participate in competitions and promotions;
• transmit notices relating to the Cookpad Service and deliver prizes and products to you; and
• ensure security of the Site and App.
---
• select participants for user interviews or testing conducted by us or other trusted partners; or
---
• provide advertisers, information providers and service providers with information on the types of
advertisements and information which can or should be displayed or provided to you through the
Cookpad Service.
---
We will not provide your email address
to any third parties for marketing purposes.
---
• Anonymous data
We will anonymize or aggregate data collected through the Cookpad Service and use and disclose it for
any business purpose. However, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised details we
disclose for these purposes.
---
6. Who do we share your Personal Information with?
Group companies: We share your Personal Information within Our Group to provide you with the Cookpad
Service, information, or undertake other processing activities as set out above and, where it is in our
legitimate interests to do so for internal administrative purposes (for example, corporate strategy,
compliance, auditing and monitoring or research and development). Learn more about Our Group here.
Other Cookpad users: We share information with other users of the Cookpad Service. For example, if you
send other registered users messages through the Cookpad Service, we will share the information in the
messages with them.
Beta testing users: If you join one of our beta testing groups then your information may be shared with
other members of the testing group in order to enable communication and enhance the features being
tested. People in our beta testing groups are able to leave these groups at any time.
Trusted Cookpad Partners: We may share your Personal Information with the following trusted partners
and agents only if they need such information to perform their specific obligations or services to us. You
may request a copy of the list of these partners by using the contact details here.
• The trusted partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and agents who cooperate with us to provide you with
Cookpad Service and advertising, such as IT service providers, mailing houses and companies which
store our data.
• The trusted partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and agents who cooperate with us to provide the Site
and App, or in collecting, storing or processing your information for us.
• Advertisers and advertising networks that require information to select and serve relevant adverts to you
and others. We do not disclose Personal Information to our advertisers, but we may provide them with
aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 users from France
have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to
help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the Personal
Information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by
displaying their advertisement to that target audience. Read our Cookie Policy to learn more about
opting out of personalized advertising.
• Analytics and search engine providers, and research institutions and suppliers, that assist us in the
improvement and optimisation of, and understanding of the use of and behaviour on, the Site, App and
Cookpad Service. For example, we may use Google Analytics to collect and process information about
how Cookpad Service is used.
---
• Other trusted third parties, but only with your prior consent or where you voluntarily choose to do so; for
example, the Cookpad Service may allow you to share information, including Personal Information, with
social networking websites, such as Facebook.
Other disclosures: We may also share your Personal Information with other organisations or individuals:
• If it is in our legitimate interests to do so to run, grow and develop our business; in particular:
• if we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your Personal Information to the prospective
buyer or seller of such business or assets; or
• if all or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Information
held by us will be one of the transferred assets.
• To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
• To enforce applicable legal terms and conditions or our other legal rights, including investigation of
potential breaches of our Terms of Use.
• To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
• To protect against or prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Our Group, our users or the public
as required or permitted by law.
Any such third parties are limited (by law and by contract) in their ability to use your Personal
Information for any purpose other than to perform those obligations / provide their services. We will
always require them to use your Personal Information in accordance with our instructions, with the
terms of this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures we require
from them.
Except as detailed in this Privacy Policy, we do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you
with other people or unaffiliated companies without notifying you and, where necessary, obtaining your
permission. If you have given us your consent for us to use your Personal Information in this way, but
later change your mind, you should contact us and we will stop doing so.
---
If we rely on our (or a third party's) legitimate interests for using your Personal Information, we will
undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the third party's) legitimate interests are not outweighed
by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of your Personal
Information. You can ask us for information on this balancing test by contacting us.
---
8. Where is your Personal Information stored and processed?
We will process and store your Personal Information in the locations in which Our Group operates, and in
the location of our servers. More details on the locations of Our Group can be found here.
We comply with applicable laws in respect of the international transfer of Personal Information.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), please note that we may transfer your Personal
Information for the provision of the Cookpad Service to locations outside the European Economic Area,
including USA and Japan. Some of those locations may not offer a similar level of protection to European
regulations. In these cases, we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect your
Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These adequate safeguards include, in the case
of entities based in countries outside the EEA (including Japan), entering into data transfer agreements with
the recipient based on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers of
personal data to third countries.
Further details on the steps we take to protect your Personal Information, in these transfer cases is
available from us on request by contacting us at any time.
---
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access your online
account, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password
with anyone.