2. Summary of Our Processing Activities
When you use our Devices and/or the Services we collect personal data. Personal data is any information relating to a natural person who can be
identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, identification number, location data, or an online identifier. In
this section we will summarize how we collect data and what we do with it. You will find more detailed information under the indicated sections below.
• Your personal data might be disclosed to third parties that are located outside your country of residence; potentially, different data protection
standards may apply.

---
3.3 Marketing
In case you have granted consent, we use your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR. You might revoke that
consent at any time.
In order to provide you with our marketing services, we use The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp, (Atlanta, GA, USA) as service provider for the
processing on our behalf.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
5. Recipients of your Personal Data
We may engage companies from our corporate family to perform software maintenance services and to provide customer support. They may have
access to your personal data to perform these tasks on our behalf and they are not authorized by us to otherwise use or disclose your personal data,
except to the extent required by law. Note that your video data can only be stored locally on your camera's SD card and is not accessible by us or any
third-party.

---
6. Cross-Border Data Transfers
Your personal data will be transferred to other countries (including countries outside the EEA) which may have different data protection standards than
your country of residence. Please note, that data processed in a foreign country may be subject to foreign laws and accessible to foreign governments,
courts, law enforcement, and regulatory agencies. However, we will endeavour to take reasonable measures (e.g. conclusion of EU SCCs or selection of
Privacy Shield certified service providers) to keep up an adequate level of data protection also when sharing your personal data with such countries.
When using the Services your personal data (incl. any video footage) will be transferred into and stored in the US. The transfer is necessary for the
performance of the contract and delivery of the Services by TP-Link (Art. 6 (1) b), 49 (1) b) GDPR.

---
7. Security
Your account's privacy and security is protected by your password. In order to prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information,
you should select a strong password and protect it by limiting access to your computer, device, browser or application and by signing off after you have
finished accessing your account. If you use a third-party service to sign into your account, you should protect that account accordingly as well.