This Privacy Statement explains how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information when you use
the "Netflix service" (that term and “Netflix content" are defined in the Netflix Terms of Use available at
netflix.com/terms) or anywhere we display or reference this Privacy Statement. It also explains what
privacy rights you have and how to exercise them. Certain functionalities or apps that are part of the
Netflix service may also provide you with contextual privacy information or choices, in addition to the
information and choices described in this Privacy Statement. Please note that this Privacy Statement may
be easier to navigate when viewed on your web browser.

---
Section A: Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• From Partners whose products and services you use: We may collect the following categories of
personal information about you from third parties whose services you use to access, pay for, or interact
with the Netflix service (“Partners”): personal details, payment details, usage information, and device
and network information. The categories of personal information that Partners provide to us will vary
depending on the nature of the Partner and your relationship with them. Our Partners may include your
TV manufacturer, internet service provider, streaming media device provider, mobile phone carriers, or
other companies who collect payment for the Netflix service. For example, Partners may provide us:
Ο
personal details (such as your email address), device and network information (such as IP
addresses, device IDs, or other unique identifiers), or other personal information in order to activate
the Netflix service, or present Netflix content to you through portions of the Partner's user interface;
Ο
payment details (such as associated pre-paid promotions and billing information) if they are
assisting with billing or collecting payment for the Netflix service; and
Ο
search queries and commands applicable to Netflix that you make through Partner devices or
voice assistance platforms.

---
• From other sources: We may collect the following categories of personal information about you
from other sources: personal details, payment details, and device and network information. These
sources include:
Ο
Service Providers such as vendors, agents, and contractors that collect or provide personal
information to Netflix in connection with services they perform on our behalf (“Service Providers”).
This may include Service Providers such as those that:
Ο
help us determine a general geographic location based on your IP address in order to
customize our service and for other uses consistent with this Privacy Statement;
Ο
provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud, and help us protect the
security of Netflix and our users;
Ο
provide us with payment processing services including payment or balance information, or
updates to that information; and
Ο
provide Netflix games, or portions or features of those games, as part of the Netflix service
(for example, some Netflix games are licensed from and run by Service Providers).
Ο
Netflix Marketing Providers when you interact with marketing campaigns promoting the Netflix
service or Netflix content (such as our ads on third party services). Please see the “Cookies and

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
other Technologies” section below for details.
Ο
Third-party sites and forums where we provide support for the Netflix service (such as an online
support forum for Netflix customer support or for a particular Netflix game).

---
• Advertising Companies: We may collect advertising information about you from other sources to
support Advertisements, including the following (collectively referred to as “Advertising Companies"):
Ο
Advertisers that run Advertisements on Netflix (“Advertisers”) may provide us with unique
identifiers (for example, cookies or resettable device identifiers), demographic information and
other information (such as information about your likely interests they have collected or inferred
based on your activities online) in order to deliver Advertisements;
Ο
service providers that facilitate the sale, operations, and management of Advertisements (“Ad
Service Providers");
Ο
ad measurement companies that support Netflix and Advertisers in understanding the
effectiveness of Advertisements (“Ad Measurement Companies"); and
Ο
online and offline information providers to support Advertisements (for example, they may
provide us your general location information based on your device's IP address, such as city, state,
and postal code or supplementing information we may have about you with demographic data, or
provide us information about your likely interests they have collected or inferred based on your
activities online).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• To enable Partner integrations and promotions so that our Partners can promote the Netflix service
and make it available to you through Partner devices and integrations, based on the specific
relationship you have with the Partner. We use the following categories of personal information for this
purpose: personal details, payment details, Netflix account/profile information, usage information,
device and network information, and communications.

---
• To send marketing and informational messages including news and promotional communications
about our service, new features, available Netflix content, and special offers, as well as Netflix
marketing on third party services. Any of these messages, including Netflix marketing on third party
services, may be personalized for you or your likely interests. Please see the section “Communication
Preferences" below to change your communications preferences. To understand your choices in
connection with Netflix's marketing on third party services, please see the “Cookies and other
Technologies" section below. Depending on the nature of the message we send, we may use the
following categories of personal information for this purpose: personal details, Netflix account/profile
information, purchase information, usage information, device and network information, and
communications.

---
We use your personal information to present you with Advertisements. Some of our Advertisements
may be behavioral advertisements (“behavioral advertisements” are those that are selected based on
information about your use and/or interactions within the Netflix service and/or with unaffiliated third
party services). Please see the section “Advertising Choices” below to learn about your choices.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Who We Disclose Personal Information To
We may disclose your personal information to the following parties:
•
The Netflix family of companies: We share your personal information among the Netflix family of
companies (see help.netflix.com/legal/corpinfo) as needed for the following purposes: to provide our
service; to administer and operate our business; to research, analyze, and improve our services; to
enable Partner integrations and promotions; to send marketing and informational messages; to support
Advertisements; for safety, security, and fraud prevention; and to comply with law and enforce the
Netflix Terms of Use.
•
Service Providers: We use Service Providers to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with
the provision of services to you. For example, we use Service Providers to provide communications,
security, infrastructure and IT services, game-related services, to personalize and improve our service,
and to process payments. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information
except in connection with providing their services (which may include maintaining and improving their
services). To help maintain the safety and security of our service and users, we and our Service
Providers may monitor and record message content (such as chat functionality) to identify harmful
behavior, security risks, and violations of the Netflix Terms of Use and community guidelines. Our
Service Providers may process your personal information for the following purposes: to provide our
service; to administer and operate our business; to research, analyze, and improve our services; to
send marketing and informational messages; for safety, security, and fraud prevention; and to comply
with law and enforce the Netflix Terms of Use.
•
Partners: If you have a relationship with one or more of our Partners, we may share certain personal
information with them to fulfill your requests in compliance with applicable law. For example,
depending on what Partner services you use, we may share personal information so that Netflix
content and features can be suggested to you in the Partner's user interface. Partners may process
your personal information for the following purposes: to administer and operate our business; to
research, analyze, and improve our services; to enable Partner integrations and promotions; and to
send marketing and informational messages.
•
Netflix marketing providers: When we market Netflix on third party services, some of those
services, as well as the marketing Service Providers that we use to purchase, deliver, optimize, or
measure our marketing (collectively “Netflix Marketing Providers”) may receive information from us
(for example, the steps completed in Netflix membership process). Common uses of this type of
information are to measure the effectiveness and optimize our marketing campaigns, and to avoid
marketing to a device of a person that is already a Netflix member. Netflix uses contractual and
technical measures designed to prevent Netflix Marketing Providers from accessing information
regarding specific shows or movie title selections you make, URLs you land on, or shows or movies you
have watched on our service. We do not share information about title selections of shows or movies
you have watched on our service. Netflix Marketing Providers may process your personal information
for the following purposes: to research, analyze, and improve our services; and to send marketing and
informational messages.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Advertising Companies: We may disclose certain personal information to Advertising Companies
(see definition above) in order to select Advertisements shown on Netflix, to facilitate interaction with
Advertisements, and to measure and improve effectiveness of Advertisements. These companies may
process your personal information for the following purposes: to support Advertisements.
•
Promotional collaborations: We may collaborate with third parties to offer promotions. To fulfill
these types of promotions, we and the third parties may use your personal information for the following
purposes: to enable Partner integrations and promotions; and to send marketing and informational
messages.
•
Corporate transactions: In connection with a reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other
transfer of assets, we will transfer personal information provided the receiving party agrees to respect
your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement. We may disclose
your personal information in such instances for the following purposes: to provide our service; to
administer and operate our business; to research, analyze, and improve our services; to enable Partner
integrations and promotions; to send marketing and informational messages; to support
Advertisements; for safety, security, and fraud prevention; and to comply with law and enforce the
Netflix Terms of Use.
•
Safety, security and fraud prevention: Netflix and its Service Providers may disclose your personal
information to third parties where we reasonably believe disclosure is needed for the purpose of:
safety, security, and fraud prevention.
•
Compliance with law and enforcing the Netflix Terms of Use: We may disclose your personal
information as necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental
request, and processing necessary to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix,
its users or the public, as required or permitted by law. We may disclose personal information for the
following purpose: to comply with law and enforce the Netflix Terms of Use.

---
International Transfers of Personal Information
Netflix operates from various countries around the world, as do its Service Providers, Partners, and other
third parties to whom we may need to disclose your personal information, as described above. This means
that when you use or interact with Netflix, your personal information may be transferred to other countries
that have different data protection laws than those where you reside.
However, whenever we transfer personal information to other countries, we ensure that the personal
information is transferred in accordance with applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Statement.
Specifically, we use a variety of contractual, technical, and organizational measures as appropriate for
such transfers, including data protection agreements, technical protections, and practices to challenge
disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests. You can find out more about our international
transfers here: help.netflix.com/legal/uk-eea-disclosure-and-international-transfers.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Matched Identifier Communications from Netflix. Some third party services allow us to reach users
with online marketing about Netflix content or the Netflix service by sending privacy protected contact
information to the third party. Privacy protected contact information means we use pseudonymization
technologies (such as hashing) to convert the original contact information (such as an email address or
phone number) into a value (typically a long alphanumeric sequence of characters) that cannot, by
itself, reveal your identity or contact information. The third party compares Netflix's privacy protected
contact information with privacy protected contact information in its own database and there will be a
match only if you have used the same contact information with both Netflix and the third party. If there
is a match, Netflix can then choose whether or not to send Netflix marketing to you on that third party
service, and can optimize and better measure the effectiveness of such marketing. You can indicate
your choices regarding the Matched Identifier Communications in the “Privacy and data settings” (for
the relevant profile) within the “Account” section of our website.
•
Marketing of the Netflix service using cookies and similar technologies. To exercise choice around
cookies or resettable device IDs collected for marketing of the Netflix service or Netflix content on third
party service, please use the tools described in the "Cookies and other Technologies" section below.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
If you share or otherwise allow others to have access to your account, they may be able to see viewing
information, account information in the “Account” section of the service, and game related information
such as chat contents and saved game information. This remains true even when you use the profiles
feature, although you can add a Profile Lock PIN on a profile (see help.netflix.com/node/114277).
Please note that viewing history, recommendations, “continue watching” and similar information may
be made available through various features and user experiences, such as Partner interfaces that are
integrated with the Netflix service.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Section D: Cookies and other Technologies
We, our Service Providers, Netflix Marketing Providers, and Advertising Companies use cookies, other
similar technologies (such as pixel tags), hashed identifiers, and resettable device identifiers for various
reasons. This section explains the types of technologies used, what they do, and your corresponding
choices. To choose whether or not to receive cookies and similar technologies, please see the section
below "How can I exercise choice regarding these technologies?"

---
We may also create, use, and disclose hashed identifiers. As described above, hashing is a process of
converting the original contact information (such as an email address or phone number) into a value
(typically a long alphanumeric sequence of characters) that cannot, by itself, reveal your identity or contact
information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Why Does Netflix Use These Technologies?
We use these types of technologies for various reasons, including to provide our service (for example, by
making it easy to access our service by remembering you when you return); to administer and operate our
business, to research, analyze and improve our services (for example, to improve site performance,
monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site, and to test the effectiveness of our user interface); to send
marketing and informational messages (for example, to deliver and tailor our marketing, and to understand
interactions with our emails, marketing, and marketing on third party services); to support Advertisements;
for safety, security and fraud prevention; and to comply with law and enforce the Netflix Terms of Use.
These technologies enable Netflix Marketing Providers to collect personal information (such as the pages
you visit and device and network information) when you use our services, and Netflix Marketing Providers
may also collect information about your online activities over time across different websites.

---
Netflix uses hashed identifiers and resettable device identifiers to display marketing for our service or
Netflix content on third party services, to support Advertisements (including delivering Advertisements to
you), and for analytics and optimization purposes.

---
• To exercise choice regarding hashed identifiers for Netflix Marketing
To exercise choice regarding Netflix's use of hashed identifiers for Netflix marketing communications
on third party services, please configure the appropriate setting under Matched Identifier
Communications in the “Privacy and data settings” (for the relevant profile) within the “Account”
section of our website.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Section E: Other Important Privacy Disclosures
Sharing Functionality in our Service
You can use sharing functionality available in our service to disclose your personal information in the
following ways:
•
certain portions of our service may give you options to share information by email, text message,
and social or other sharing applications, using the clients and apps on your device; and
•
social plugins and similar technologies that allow you to share information.
Social plugins and social applications are operated by third-party social networks, and are subject to their
terms of use and privacy policies. Similarly, some Netflix game features may require use of a third party
service, which is subject to that service's terms of use and privacy policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Other Websites, Platforms and Applications
The Netflix service may use, or be provided through, features operated by third party platforms (such as
the display of social media content, or the provision of voice controls), or contain links to sites operated by
third parties. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service.
These third parties have their own privacy policies.
For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as smart TVs, mobile
devices, set top boxes, gaming systems, and other internet-connected devices. These platforms have
separate privacy statements, notices, and terms of use, which we recommend you review.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
When you play Netflix games, we will collect, use, and disclose your personal information as described in
the Netflix Privacy Statement. These Netflix Games Supplemental Privacy Disclosures provide additional
examples and information applicable to Netflix games that have features such as leaderboards,
achievements, local multiplayer, online multiplayer, friend-related features, chat, Netflix game controller,
and user-generated content.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• To provide our service: When you play Netflix games that include these features (or similar
features), we use your personal information in order to provide the game including the features, as
described below. We use the following categories of personal information used to provide our service
with these features: Netflix account/profile information, usage information, and device and network
information. In particular:
Ο
For features such as leaderboards and game achievements, we use your personal information
(such as your game handle), in order to display the leaderboard and achievements to you and other
players;
Ο
For features that enable you to find or interact with other players in Netflix games (such as online
multiplayer games), we use your personal information and the personal information you provide
about others in order to find that player and send them your connection request (and for them to
find you and send you a connection request);
Ο
For online multiplayer games, we may use the general location of your device (such as your city,
state/province, or country) to match you with other players that are close to the relevant game
server so that your gameplay is less likely to be interrupted by internet delays;
Ο
For communication features, such as chat, we transmit communications you send to another
player or group of players and deliver communications they send to you. Note that we may use
Service Providers to perform services related to these communications on our behalf (as described
in the Privacy Statement), which may include providing chat, moderation, and related services; and
Ο
For user-generated content features, we use your personal information to display your user-
generated content to other players in the Netflix game, or in accordance with how you have shared
the user-generated content (for example, on a third party service).

---
Who We Disclose Personal Information To
When you play Netflix games, we may disclose personal information as described in the Netflix Privacy
Statement. If you play games with the features mentioned above (or similar features), the following
provides additional examples of how we may disclose your personal information:
•
Compliance with law and enforcing the Netflix Terms of Use: When you play Netflix games with
communications features (such as chat), Netflix and its Service Providers may access, preserve, and
disclose your information in response to legal requests from third parties, including government
agencies and civil litigants. We respond to legal requests where we have a good faith belief that we are
required by law to respond, or where we have a good faith belief that a response is required by law in
that jurisdiction and the request is consistent with internationally recognized standards such as the
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. We disclose personal information for the following
purposes: to comply with law and enforce the Netflix Terms of Use.
Other Players
Information such as your game handle, your gameplay, chat, and user-generated content (including
personal information and other information you provide in these features), and your online status will be

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
publicly available to other players when you participate in a Netflix game with features such as
leaderboards, local multiplayer, online multiplayer, chat, Netflix game controller, and user-generated
content. Note that some games may allow you to play with players from other (non-Netflix) versions of the
game, and in that case, this information will be available to those players. Please use good judgment when
using chat and user-generated content functions (note that even if you remove text chat, or user-
generated content, players that have already seen that information may have saved it).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
International transfers from the EEA and UK
Whenever we transfer personal information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or United Kingdom
("UK"), we use appropriate contractual, technical, and organizational measures to protect the personal
information transferred (as described above). For transfers from the EEA, these include entering into the
European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses (available here) with the recipient of the
information. For transfers from the UK, these include entering into the UK's International Data Transfer
Agreement or the UK's International Data Transfer Addendum (available here). You can find out more
about how we disclose and transfer your personal information internationally here:
help.netflix.com/legal/uk-eea-disclosure-and-international-transfers.