3.
User Accounts
To use certain of the Services, you need to create an account or link another account,
such as your Apple, Facebook or Google account (“Account”). You agree to provide us
with accurate, complete and updated information for your Account. You are solely
responsible for any activity on your Account and for maintaining the confidentiality
and security of your password. We are not liable for any acts or omissions by you in
connection with your Account. You must immediately notify us at help@pov.camera if
you know or have any reason to suspect that your Account or password have been stolen,
misappropriated or otherwise compromised, or in case of any actual or suspected
unauthorized use of your Account.
---
4.2
General. When you purchase Offerings (including through execution of an order
form or other ordering document (each, and “Order Form”), you (a) agree to pay the
price for such Offerings as set forth in the Order Form or, in the absence of an Order
Form, the applicable portion of the Services, and all applicable taxes in connection
with your purchase (the "Full Purchase Amount"), and (b) authorize us to charge your
credit card or other payment method for the Full Purchase Àmount. You acknowledge and
agree that all information you provide with regards to a purchase of Offerings, including,
without limitation, credit card, PayPal, or other payment information, is accurate, current
and complete. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use the payment
method you provide to us or our payment processor, including, without limitation, any
credit card you provide when completing a transaction. Unless otherwise noted, all
currency references are in U.S. Dollars. All fees and charges are payable in accordance with
payment terms in effect at the time the fee or the charge becomes payable and, except as
expressly set forth herein, are non-refundable.
---
5.5
Mobile Software from the Apple App Store. The following terms and conditions apply to
you only if you are using the Apps from the Apple App Store. To the extent the other terms
and conditions of these Terms are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms
and conditions of this paragraph, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in
this paragraph apply, but solely with respect to your use of the Apps from the Apple App
Store. You acknowledge and agree that these Terms are solely between you and the
Company, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apps or content thereof.
Your use of the Apps must comply with the App Store's applicable terms of use. You
acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and
support services with respect to the Apps. In the event of any failure of the Apps to conform
to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase
price, if any, for the Apps to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law,
Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any
other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to
conform to any warranty will be solely governed by these Terms. You and the Company
acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of yours or any third
party relating to the Apps or your possession and/or use of the Apps, including, but not
limited to: (a) product liability claims, (b) any claim that the Apps fail to conform to any
applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (c) claims arising under consumer
protection or similar legislation. You and the Company acknowledge that, in the event of
any third party claim that the Apps or your possession and use of the Apps infringes that
third party's intellectual property rights, the Company, not Apple, will be solely responsible
for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property
infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms. You must comply with applicable
third party terms of agreement when using the Apps. You and the Company acknowledge
and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms
as they relate to your use of the Apps, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms
against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
---
6.2
User Content License Grant. In connection with your use of the Services, you may be
able to post, upload, or submit content to be made available through the Services
("User Content"). By using the Service and uploading User Content, you grant us a
license to access, use, host, cache, store, reproduce, transmit, display, publish, distribute,
and modify User Content and any associated names, images, voices, personas and
likenesses, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised throughout the world as
reasonably necessary for operation of our Services; provided, however that we will not
display your User Content outside of the Services without your consent. You agree that
these rights and licenses are royalty free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide and
irrevocable, and include a right for us to permit access to or disclose User Content to third
parties if we determine such access is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Additionally, you grant each applicable Event Host a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-
free, fully sub-licensable sub-license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
create derivative works from, distribute, and display associated Event Content, in any and
all media now known or hereafter devised throughout the world. As part of the foregoing
license grants, you agree that the other users of the Services shall have the right to comment
on and/or tag User Content and/or to use, publish, display, modify or include a copy of User
Content as part of their own use of the Services. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, the Company reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove,
screen, edit, or delete any of User Content at any time, for any reason, and without notice.
By posting or submitting User Content through the Services, you represent and warrant that
you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or
authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for User Content. You agree that User
Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you
have the necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to
grant us the license described above.
---
7.
Third Party Services and Materials
Certain Services may display, include or make available content, data, information,
applications or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links
to certain third party websites. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that the
Company is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy,
completeness, availability, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency,
quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or websites. We do not warrant or
endorse and do not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any
other person for any third-party services, Third Party Materials or third-party websites, or
for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and
links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience to you.