We do not collect payment information through our Services. We rely on
third parties to process payments in connection with our Services. Any
information you provide to facilitate such a payment is subject to the third-
party payment processor's privacy policy and we encourage you to review.

---

• Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies:
We use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to
collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your
hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and
your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are
popular, and count visits. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or
"clear GIFs") are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our
emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage. We
also work with third party analytics providers who use cookies, web
beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information
about your use of our Services and other websites and applications,
including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information,
pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, and links clicked.
This information may be used by Medium and others to, among other
things analyze and track data determine the popularity of certain
cookies and how to disable them, see Your Choices below.

---
[SECTION: SHARING OF INFORMATION]
---
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We share personal information in the following circumstances or as
otherwise described in this policy:

• We share personal information with other users of the Services. For
example, if you use our Services to publish content, post comments or
send private notes, certain information about you will be visible to
others, such as your name, photo, bio, other account information you
may provide, and information about your activities on our Services (e.g.,
your followers and who you follow, recent posts, claps, highlights, and
responses).
• We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and
consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform
services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting,
storage, and other infrastructure, analytics, payment processing, fraud
prevention and security, customer service, communications, and
marketing.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• We may disclose personalinformation if we believe that disclosure is in
or law enforcement requirements. If we are going to disclose your
personal information in response to legal process, we will give you notice
so you can challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention),
unless we are prohibited by law or believe doing so may endanger others
or cause illegal conduct. We will object to legal requests for information
about users of our Services that we believe are improper.
• We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are
inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you
have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights,
property, and safety of Medium, our users, the public, or others.
• We share personal information with our lawyers and other professional
advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and
manage our business interests.
• We may share personal information in connection with, or during
negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing,
or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
• Personal information is shared between and among Medium and our
current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other
companies under common control and ownership.
• We share personal information with your consent or at your direction.
• We also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot
reasonably be used to identify you.

---
[SECTION: THIRD-PARTY EMBEDS]
---
THIRD-PARTY EMBEDS
Medium does not host some of the content displayed on our Services. Users
have the ability to post content that is actually hosted by a third party, but is
embedded in our pages (an "Embed"). When you interact with an Embed, it
can send information about your interaction to the hosting third party just as
if you were visiting the third party's site directly. For example, when you load
a Medium post page with a YouTube video Embed and watch the video
Yo
an
information third parties collect through Embeds or what they do with the
information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected
through Embeds. The privacy policy belonging to the third party hosting the
Embed applies to any information the Embed collects, and we recommend
you review that policy before interacting with the Embed.

---
[SECTION: TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES]
---
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER
COUNTRIES
Medium is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and
service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and
our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or
access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that
are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. For example, we transfer
personal data to Amazon Web Services, one of our service providers that
processes personal information for us in various data center locations across
the globe, including those listed here. We will take steps to ensure that your
personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the
jurisdictions in which we process it.

---
[SECTION: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS]
---
In the preceding 12 months, we
have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business
pu
| Category of Personal Information | Categories of Recipients |
|---|---|
| Identifiers | Analytics Providers<br>Communication Providers<br>Customer Service Providers<br>Fraud Prevention and Security Providers<br>Infrastructure Providers<br>Marketing Providers<br>Payment Processors |
| Commercial Information | Analytics Providers<br>Infrastructure Providers<br>Payment Processors |
| Internet or Other Electronic Network<br>Activity Information | Analytics Providers<br>Infrastructure Providers |
| Inferences | Analytics Providers<br>Infrastructure Providers |