This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how your personal information is collected,
used, and disclosed by Huckleberry Labs, Inc. (“Huckleberry,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This
Privacy Policy applies to users of Huckleberry's website with links to this Privacy Policy
includingwww.huckleberrycare.com,www.huckleberry-labs.com
andwww.huckleberrysleep.com; our applications on the web, mobile phones, or tablets;
and any and all data or information related to or derived from your personal interaction
with us. The website and the applications are referred to collectively as the “Products” in
this document.
---
By registering with us or using our Products, you expressly consent to the information
handling practices in this Privacy Policy. If you reside outside the United States, you
understand that your Personal Information may be processed in countries (including the
United States) where laws regarding processing Personal Information may be less
stringent than in your country.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Products will not work properly. In addition, our Products may cause Cookies from
third party sites or applications to be saved on your browser or device. Our Privacy
Policy does not cover these third party Cookies since we do not have any control
over them. Finally, we may partner with third parties to manage our advertising on
other sites. More specifically, we may use Google, Microsoft, Facebook or other
providers to place advertisements on different sites across the Internet. Such third
parties may use technologies such as Cookies to gather information about your
activities on the Products and other sites you visit in order to provide you advertising
based upon your browsing activities and interests.
---
4. Our Products store information about you on computer servers and databases
managed by us and hosted by several third party companies.
--- [SECTION: How We Use Information About You] ---
3. We may create Anonymous Information from your Personal Information, for
example by making a copy of the data collected by or created in our Products that is
not linked to your Personal Information. We reserve the right to use and disclose
Anonymous Information at our discretion.
---
4. We may use Anonymous Information to conduct scientific studies, and we may
publish the results, for example at scientific conferences or in research journals. We
do not use Personal Information in such work, nor do we disclose Personal
Information in the conduct of such work.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [SECTION: How We Disclose Information About You] ---
How We Disclose Information About You
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not trade, rent, or share your
Personal Information with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so.
---
Situations Where We Disclose Personal Information About You With Specific Protections
For You To Ensure Our Products Work And You Can Use Them Properly
1. We may provide your Personal Information to third party service providers who
work on behalf of or with us to provide functionality to our Products, such as
complementary sleep or behavioral services, email services and web analytics
services. These service providers are obligated to use your Personal Information only
to provide services to us and not to disclose your Personal Information (except
pursuant to a legal requirement such as a subpoena or warrant).
---
2. If you use our Products in a language that is not English, we may work with certain
organizations ("Localization Partners") to provide technical support to you in that
language. We may share your Personal Information with the Localization Partner so
that they can provide technical support to you. These Localization Partners are
obligated to use your Personal Information only to provide technical support to you
and not to disclose your Personal Information (except pursuant to a legal
requirement such as a subpoena or warrant). You can contact us at
support@huckleberry-labs.com to identify any Localization Partners that provide
support to you, and who as a result has access to your Personal Information. At your
request, we will change the language in which you use our Products to remove you
from any Localization Partners; however this may mean that you will no longer have
access to our Products in your preferred language.
---
Specific Business Deals May Require Us to Share Your Personal Information
We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business
deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals
can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
---
Situations Where We Are Required To Disclose Your Personal Information
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We may be required by law, or by law enforcement officers acting under the color of law,
to monitor and/or record some or all of your communications on or through the Products. We may, and
you hereby authorize us to, disclose your Personal Information (including your Account
information) and your communications through the Products, if required by law or by law
enforcement officers acting under the color of law, or if we believe in good faith that
disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or
warrants served on us; (b) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of us, our
Affiliates, other users, or you; or (c) to investigate any violation or potential violation of
the law, this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, or any other agreements between you and
Huckleberry.
--- [SECTION: Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information] ---
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal
Information.
---
2. You can manage your browser's Cookies using the tools your browser provides,
and you can opt-out of third-party vendor's use of cookies (including advertising
networks like Google) by visiting the network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [SECTION: Do Not Track Compliance] ---
We do not track the users of our Products across third party
websites to provide targeted advertising directly to those websites. We do use
advertising networks to present ads on third party sites, and those advertising networks
and those third party sites may keep track of your browsing activities when they serve
you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. (For more
information, see the section entitled “How We Get and Store Information About You”,
above.) If you are visiting such advertising networks or third party sites, your browser
allows you to set the DNT signal so those groups (particularly advertisers) know you do
not want to be tracked. You can find out more about your browser's tracking capabilities
and procedures for asking not to be tracked by contacting the developer or distributor
of your particular browser.
--- [SECTION: Third Party Websites, Products, Services, Content, and Links.] ---
Third Party Websites, Products, Services, Content, and Links.
Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to third party websites,
products, services, or content or to links provided for the foregoing on our Sites or
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Products. Third party providers of such third party websites, products, services, or
content may collect (via tracking technologies like Cookies or web beacons) and use
information regarding your interaction with the third party website, product, service, or
content that they deliver and with which you interact.
--- [SECTION: Security] ---
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SECURITY SAFEGUARDS, BY THEIR NATURE, ARE
CAPABLE OF CIRCUMVENTION AND HUCKLEBERRY DOES NOT AND CANNOT
GUARANTEE THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL NOT BE ACCESSED BY
UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS CAPABLE OF OVERCOMING SUCH SAFEGUARDS. IN
PARTICULAR, OUR PRODUCTS MAY BE USED TO ACCESS AND TRANSFER
INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, OVER THE INTERNET.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT HUCKLEBERRY DOES NOT OPERATE OR
CONTROL THE INTERNET AND THAT UNAUTHORIZED USERS (SUCH AS HACKERS)
MAY USE VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, AND OTHER UNDESIRABLE DATA
AND SOFTWARE TO OBTAIN ACCESS TO OR DAMAGE OUR SITES, PRODUCTS, OR
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
---
Furthermore, we cannot be responsible for any of your Personal Information that you
release on your own, or that you request or authorize us to release.