Key Points
We will...
• Only show data which you've made publicly visible on your profile.
• Show your profile to other users of our website romeo.com and our ROMEO apps
and to users of hunqz.com.
• Not sell or trade your data to third party organizations.
---
ROMEO BV works closely together with its sister company HUNQZ BV, which provides the Website
hunqz.com, on which HUNQZ users can advertise services such as (paid) adult companionship,
modeling, massage, and video.
---
3. ROMEO shall have the right (but not the obligation), at its sole discretion, to review,
edit, limit or refuse User Content posted or transmitted by means of the Service
and/or to limit and/or refuse a User access and/or use of the Service, more
specifically in the event that the User has been banned from the Service earlier.
ROMEO will furthermore have the right to remove any User Content that, according to
ROMEO, violates these Terms of Use and/or that it deems to be otherwise
objectionable. ROMEO may disclose your Personal Data and/or User Content to third
parties where it believes, in good faith, that it is necessary to comply with a court
order, ongoing judicial proceeding, criminal or civil subpoena, or other legal process
or request by law enforcement authorities in the Netherlands, or to exercise its legal
rights of defense against legal claims.
---
4. Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Terms of Use, the use of the Service
may not:
a. include software such as viruses or Trojans that can damage or erase
computers or data of ROMEO, Users or third parties or make it unavailable
or inaccessible;
b. bypass technical security measures of the computer systems of ROMEO or
third parties;
c. involve unreasonable or disproportionate use of the infrastructure of the
computer systems of ROMEO or third parties or impede the functionality or
functionalities of the Service;
d. involve manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to
"trawl", "spider" or scrape any content of the Service;
e. constitute unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk, spam, bulk e-mail,
scam and/or phishing;
f. infringe any third party's Intellectual Property Rights, privacy rights or any
other rights;
---
6. The Service may contain information that is derived from and/or may refer to third
parties' websites or services (for instance via hyperlinks, banners or buttons). Third
party terms or conditions may apply to these websites or services. ROMEO has no
control over the information and content of these third parties' websites and
services. ROMEO does not accept any responsibility and/or liability for this
information and content of these third parties' websites and services.
---
3. ROMEO accepts no liability for any damages resulting from unauthorized access to
or use of the Service by the User or third parties.
---
2. The User is not permitted to sell, rent out, transfer or grant restrictive rights to the
Service, or to make it available to third parties in any way or for any purpose. The
User will also refrain from granting third parties access - remotely or otherwise - to
the Service or to provide the Service to a third party.
---
3. a. The User retains all Intellectual Property Rights with regard to the User
Content he uploads. ROMEO does not claim any Intellectual Property
Rights that belong to the User. The User grants ROMEO a royalty-free,
unencumbered, world-wide, sub-licensable, non-exclusive right to use
User Content he uploaded solely in connection with the Service provided
by ROMEO by means of the Website and/or App.
b. The User himself can control which of his User Content including pictures
become publicly visible.
c. As part of the Service, ROMEO may present content that a User has
chosen to make publicly visible to other Users of the Website and/or App,
like highlighting User profiles or showing interesting profiles in the
GuyCandy Section of the Website and/or the App.
d. ROMEO may present content, that a User has chosen to make publicly
visible, by email to other Users of the Website and/or App.
e. ROMEO will provide User Content, that a User has chosen to make publicly
visible, to HUNQZ to be presented on the HUNQZ-website.
f. This license granted in 5.3a ends when the User deletes his User Content
or his Account. When the User deletes User Content, it is deleted in a
manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, the
User understands and agrees that removed content may persist in caches
and/or backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be
available to others). The above does not apply to User Content that the
User has shared with other (ROMEO) Users or third parties (including but
not limited to users of the HUNQZ-Website). Such User Content has to be
deleted by the recipients of such User Content. The User understands and
accepts that these recipients may not have deleted such User Content and
that the deletion of such User Content is beyond ROMEO's control.
g. ROMEO does not sell, trade or rent Personal Data of the User to third
parties without the User's prior consent. More information about the
manner in which ROMEO safeguards and processes Personal Data of its
Users can be found in ROMEO's Privacy Statement.
---
4. The User acknowledges and accepts that the User Content he posts by means of
the Service is accessible and may be used by other Users and such other Users
may not use the User Content in accordance with these Terms of Use and / or
applicable legislation. ROMEO cannot guarantee that other Users will use the User
Content in accordance with these Terms of Use and/or applicable legislation. The
User will not hold ROMEO responsible for the submissions or actions of other Users.
ROMEO does not accept any liability for any actions of other Users which are in
violation of these Terms of Use, the applicable legislation and/or which are otherwise
unlawful.
---
1. In order to stop breaches of any third parties' rights as soon as possible, ROMEO
has developed a procedure for reporting allegedly infringing or unlawful User
Content. Users can send a Report which should contain the information as stated on
the Website and/or in the App.
---
3. ROMEO reserves the right to forward the Report to the User responsible for the
allegedly infringing or unlawful User Content.
---
7. ROMEO respects and protects the privacy of Users and/or third parties who submit
Reports. All Personal Data that it receives with a Report will always be processed in
accordance with 7.1.
---
12. Third parties
1. ROMEO reserves its right to commission third party service providers and their
authorized agents to perform and/or enable the performance of any of the services
under the Agreement and/or these Terms of Use, either in whole or in part.
2. As part of the Service it provides, ROMEO pursues fraud identification and
prevention. To this end ROMEO may provide Personal Data to (a) third part(y)(ies) it
hires to perform fraud identification and prevention activities as our processor on its
behalf.
3. The User is not entitled to transfer his rights and/or obligations under the Agreement
or these Terms of Use to a third party.