4. Transmission of Data
Unless otherwise stated in the following sections, data will be processed on the servers of technical
service providers commissioned by us for this purpose. These service providers will only process the
data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee
adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection.
Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this Data Protection Declaration, it can
be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers.
These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Union or the
European Economic Area. Further information can be found in the sections describing each service.
---
9. Facebook Connect
We also offer you the option of easier registration for our games and services through Facebook. You
can use your existing Facebook user account for this purpose. By clicking the “Log in with Facebook"
link, you can use this registration method via our online portal. To do this, you need to already have a
Facebook account or have access to Facebook.
If you would like to register for one of our services using your Facebook account, the first step in the
registration process will immediately redirect you to Facebook. Facebook will then ask you to log in or
to register. Under no circumstances will we receive your personal access data (user name and
password).
In a second step, you will connect your Facebook profile with the service for which you would like to
register. At this point, you will be told which data from your Facebook profile will be transmitted to us.
This information is usually your "public information" on Facebook and information which you have
made available to the public or authorized for the application in question. Information of this type
generally includes your name, profile picture and cover photo, your gender, your networks, your
username (Facebook URL), and your user ID number (Facebook ID). We will also use the email address
you have saved with Facebook in order to contact you outside of Facebook. You can see an overview
of information in your profile that is available to the public via the General Account Settings menu of
your Facebook profile (https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications).
The legal basis for data collection and storage is your consent, within the meaning of Art. 6 paragraph 1
sentence 1 letter a GDPR.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
If you would like to remove the connection between Facebook Connect and our service, please log in
to Facebook and make the required changes to your profile. We will then no longer have the right to
use information from your Facebook profile. We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third
country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
---
11. External Game Developers
We use data processors for game development which might process personal data upon our
instruction. We have entered into data processing agreements with all our processors. Some of our
third party processors are located outside of the EU/EEA, with which we have concluded standard
contractual clauses with these processors.
---
12. Payments made through our App
In principle, you can enjoy our games without having to provide personal contact data. If you pay for
chargeable activities in our games, your personal data will be collected by the corresponding payment
service providers listed.
All payment-relevant data, such as your contact and payment data, are initially collected and
processed by the corresponding payment provider. The legal basis for this data processing is Article
6(1)(b) GDPR.
For payments, we collect the geolocation of your IP address, which allows us to determine in which
country you are located. The legal basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c
GDPR, as the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. The legal obligation arises
from Directive 2006/112/EC (MOSS Directive).
We also receive information from payment providers related to payment fraud prevention. The legal
basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c GDPR, as the processing is
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
---
Newsletters are sent with the help of an EU-based external service provider, whom we have engaged
for this processing activity in accordance with statutory requirements. The newsletters contain pixels
that are retrieved by the server of the service provider that sends the newsletter as soon as the
newsletter is opened. Within the scope of this retrieval, some information such us your IP address and
time of retrieval are collected. This information is used for technical improvement or to analyze the
target groups and their reading behavior on the basis of their retrieval locations (which can be
determined using the IP address) or access times. The statistical data collection also includes
determining if and when the newsletters are opened and which links are clicked and when they are
clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients.
These analyses are primarily intended to help us to identify the reading habits of our users and to adapt
our content to them or to send different content based on user interests. The personalized analysis is
performed with your consent, which we obtain when collecting your email address. The legal basis is
Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the
future. You can do so easily by using the link at the bottom of each of our communications or by using
our support form. Unfortunately, you cannot request separate cancellations for the service provider
that sends the newsletter or for the statistical analysis. If you wish to cancel, you must cancel the entire
subscription.
---
15. Surveys
We conduct occasional customer satisfaction surveys for our games. For this purpose, we collect and
process your contact data as provided in the surveys.
The legal basis for the use of this information is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1
sentence 1 letter a GDPR. Your participation in the survey is voluntary. Your consent to its use may be
revoked at any time.
We use the services of SurveyMonkey Inc (San Mateo, One Curiosity Way, San Mateo, California
94403, "SurveyMonkey”) to conduct the surveys. SurveyMonkey collects additional information from
participants in the form of cookies, which are only intended to ensure that the survey service is fully
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
usable and that the surveys run as intended.
The legal basis for processing this additional information is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR.
If you do not participate in our survey, no personal information will be collected.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU
standard contractual clauses.
---
17. Bugsnag
We use the service Bugsnag of Bugsnag Inc. (USA) in some of our games. This service enables us to
quickly identify errors in our games that have caused a malfunction or crash and thus improve our
service. If an error occurs, the player ID, the player name and, if applicable, details of the page or the
app where the error occurred and the data built into them are transmitted to Bugsnag for error
evaluation. You can find more information in Bugsnag's privacy
policy: https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU
standard contractual clauses. The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR, as
the service serves our legitimate interest to solve technical errors in a targeted manner. The
transmission of the above mentioned information to Bugsnag is technically necessary. Objections
against this processing will be handled by our support: https://support.goodgamestudios.com/
---
18. Combating Fraud
We process pseudonymous information, such as the IP address or device ID, for the analysis of signals
in order to identify fraud by third parties in the context of customer acquisition. To accomplish this, we
are supported by external service providers whom we have ensured are committed to the same
statutory requirements. The legal basis of Art. 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter f GDPR. This
processing helps the organizational security of the app.
---
19. Facebook SDK
We use Facebook's Software Development Kit (SDK) within our app. The Facebook SDK is issued and
administered by Facebook. By means of this integration, we can link various Facebook services with
our app. For example, this enables users to be able to use the Facebook SDK to share content from our
apps within their Facebook timeline or to send messages to other Facebook users. Further information
about the Facebook SDK within iOS can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios. For
Android, please refer to: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/android.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
The legal basis for the storage of this data is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR.
Facebook App Events: We use the Facebook App Events service though the Facebook SDK to track
the reach of our advertising campaigns and the use of the Facebook SDK. Facebook merely provides
us with an aggregated analysis of user behavior with our app. We have no influence beyond that on the
information that will be processed through App Events by Facebook. The legal basis for this processing
is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. In our app settings, you can opt out of using App Events
for these purposes.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU
standard contractual clauses.
---
Processing of Page Insights
Facebook provides us with anonymized statistics and insights for our Facebook page, which help us to
understand the types of actions that people take on our Page (so-called “Page Insights"). These Page
Insights are created based on specific information about individuals who have visited our Page. This
processing of personal data is carried out by Facebook and by us as joint controllers. The processing
serves our legitimate interest to evaluate the types of actions being taken on our Page and to improve
our Page based on these findings. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f
GDPR. We are in no case able to assign the information obtained via Page Insights to a specific
Facebook profile using the “Like” data for our Page.
We have reached an agreement with Facebook to share joint responsibility for the processing, in which
the division of data protection obligations between ourselves and Facebook is set out. Details about
the processing of personal data for creating Page Insights and the agreement entered into between
ourselves and Facebook can be found
at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data.
---
21. Google Marketing Services
On our app we use the marketing and re-marketing services of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google”). These services allow us to display advertisements in a
more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users. Through remarketing ads
and products are displayed to users relating to an interest established by activity on other apps within
the Google Network. For these purposes, a code is used by Google when our app is accessed and
what are referred to as (re)marketing tags are incorporated into the app. With their help, an individual
cookie, i.e. a small file, is stored on the user's device (comparable technologies may also be used
instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net,
invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file records
which apps users have visited, which content they are interested in and which offers have been used.
In addition, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring apps, the length of
the visit as well as any additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored.
The IP address of users is also recorded, although we would like inform you that within the framework
of Google Analytics, IP addresses within Member States of the European Union or in other contracting
states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area are truncated.
All user data will only be processed as pseudonymous data. Google does not store any names or e-
mail addresses. All displayed ads are therefore not displayed specifically for a person, but for the
owner of the cookie. This information is collected by Google and transmitted to and stored by servers
in the USA.
One of the Google marketing services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords. In
the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie. Cookies
can therefore not be tracked through the apps of AdWords customers. The information collected by
the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for
conversion tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and
were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any
information that personally identifies users.
We may include third-party advertisements based on the Google Marketing Service called
DoubleClick. DoubleClick uses cookies to enable Google and its partner apps to place ads based on
users' visits to this app or other apps on the Internet.
Google services make use of Google's Tag Manager. For more information about Google's use of data
for marketing purposes, please see the summary
page: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads, Google's privacy policy is available
at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Article Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you
wish to object to interest-based advertising by Google marketing services, you can do so using the
settings and opt-out options provided by Google: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data
transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
---
22. Google SDK (Firebase Analytics)
We use the developer platform called “Google Firebase” as well as the associated functions and
services of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; "Google"). Google
Firebase is a platform for developing apps for mobile devices and websites. Google Firebase offers a
variety of features, which are can be found on the following summary
page: https://firebase.google.com/products/ The functions include the storage of apps, including
users' personal data, such as content they have created or information regarding their interaction with
the apps. Google Firebase also offers interfaces that allow interaction between the users of the app
and other services. The analysis of user interactions is carried out using the analysis service of
Firebase Analytics. This service helps us to record our users' interactions. Events such as the first time
an app is opened, the uninstalling of an app, updates, crashes or the frequency of use of the app are
recorded. Certain user interests are also recorded and evaluated. The information processed by
Google Firebase may be used with other Google services, such as Google Analytics and Google
marketing services. In this case, only pseudonymous information, such as the Android Advertising ID
or the Advertising Identifier for iOS, will be processed to identify users' mobile devices. Additional
information on the use of data for marketing purposes by Google can be found on the summary
page: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads, Google's privacy policy is available
at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy. The legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1
letter f GDPR. If users wish to object to interest-based advertising through Google marketing services,
they can use the settings and opt-out options provided by
Google: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data
transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
---
23. AppsFlyer SDK
Our app is analyzed with technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. (111 New Montgomery Street, San
Francisco, California 94105). Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for
this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our games and to
optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in
personalized form, but under a pseudonym. For more information on data processing by AppsFlyer,
please refer to the privacy policy of the provider: https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/. Appsflyer
is used by various advertising partners such as Jampp Limited (CanalotStudios, 222 Kensal Road,
London, United Kingdom). Their privacy policy can be found at https://jampp.com/privacy.html. The
legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to be tracked by
AppsFlyer in the future, you can opt out at any time here: https://www.appsflyer.com/optout.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU
standard contractual clauses.
---
24. Microsoft Bing Ads
We use the conversion and tracking tool Bing Ads from Microsoft Corporation (One Microsoft Way,
Redmond, WA 98052-6399, “Microsoft”) as part of our app. Microsoft stores a cookie on the user's
device to enable an analysis of the use of our online services. The prerequisite for this is that the user
has accessed our app through an ad from Microsoft Bing Ads. This enables Microsoft and us to know
that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online services and has reached a
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
predetermined target page. We only see the total number of users who clicked on a Bing ad and were
then forwarded to the target page (conversions). No IP addresses are stored. No other personal
information about the identity of the user is disclosed. Users can find further information on data
protection and the cookies used at Microsoft Bing ads in Microsoft's privacy
statement: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement. The legal basis for the use of this
service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to participate in the Bing Ads
tracking process, you can communicate your objection to Microsoft
here: http://choice.microsoft.com/de-DE/opt-out.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU
standard contractual clauses.
---
25. Taboola
Use of technologies belonging to Taboola Inc. (Taboola Inc., Atrium Tower, 2 Jabotinsky St., 32nd fl.,
Ramat Gan 5250501 Tel Aviv) allows us to utilize user-specific advertising based on surfing behavior
and customer interests. Taboola uses cookies (or similar technologies) to determine which websites
you visit frequently and record your movements on our website. Taboola gathers device-related data
and protocol data and creates usage profiles using pseudonyms. The usage profiles are not merged
with the data about the bearer of the pseudonym and do not allow conclusions to be drawn on
personal data. To do this, we communicate your IP address to Taboola. This processing is carried on
the legal basis of our legitimate economic interest (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.) You can object to
inclusion in the tracking via the following link: https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy#user-choices-
and-optout. Once you have successfully opted out, you will no longer see personalized
content/adverts.
---
26. Pinterest
We use advertising services provided by the social network Pinterest, which is operated by Pinterest
Europe Ltd., Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the site to book
advertising space on pins within Pinterest. If you land on one of our offers via a pin we have booked,
this information will be processed by Pinterest and communicated to us as statistics (conversion). This
allows us to find out, for instance, how many users have clicked on our pins. We obtain no information
that allows users to be personally identified. Furthermore, we analyze whether a user then goes on to
download our app. Insofar as personal data is processed, this is carried out on the legal basis of article
6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to inclusion in the tracking via the following
link: https://help.pinterest.com/de/articles/personalization-and-data
---
27. Advertising in apps
Our apps allow you to view video sequences from third-party providers funded through advertising.
This allows paid content, for example, to be used free of charge. Viewing the videos is voluntary, and
must be actively confirmed by you, the user.
The advertising displayed through our partners is either personalized or non-personalized (context-
related). The data you provide when using advertising media is collected and analyzed, which will be
explained in more detail below. Our SDK service providers Fyber (Fyber N.V., Johannisstraße 20, 10117
Berlin) and Admob by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland; "Google")
allow us to put this type of ad monetization into practice. If a player decides to watch a video ad, the
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
service providers take over control of the in-game advertising networks. This involves the following
parameters being shared via an interface with the advertising networks: Advertising ID, IP address,
browser, operating system, version, country, city, placement ID and bundle ID. The aim of this
transmission of information is to display the best possible advertising material for the user. The SDKs
for the advertising networks mentioned may possibly also process personal data, such as advertising
ID and IP address, in order to be able to provide that advertising material.
Fyber also operates its own advertising networks (Fyber Marketplace and Heyzap Ad Network), which
are used to display both personalized and context-related advertising. Fyber only uses information
from the app's general access permissions for this purpose. This data is processed on our behalf.
Further information about Fyber's data processing can be found here: https://www.fyber.com/gdpr-
faqs/.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate financial interests (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR).
As a user, you can switch this form of personalized advertising off at any time in our app settings (opt-
out). In such a case, all pseudonymous information is anonymized by us, meaning that only context-
related advertising will be shown. You can also deactivate personalized advertising in the settings of
your mobile device. In order to do this, please follow the instructions below:
Android
1. Depending on your device, you can find the Google settings in one of the following locations: – In a
separate app called "Google settings" – Scroll through your main app “Settings” and tap on Google
2. Tap on "Ads"
3. Tap on the toggle button next to Opt out of Ads Personalization
iOS
iOS devices use Apple's Advertising Identifier. Further information on the different options for using this
Identifier can be found in the Settings app of your mobile device. This can be found by:
1. Opening "Settings"
2. Selecting "Privacy"
3. Selecting "Advertising”
Here you can choose between specific settings using a toggle button.
Advertising partners
Service partner
1. Service partner, 2. Processing role, 3. Type of ads, 4. Additional information
Unity Ads
1. Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
2. Joint controllers
3. Personalized and contextual ads
4. Specific information on privacy and opting out of personalized advertising is also displayed
transparently in the video player.
https://unity3d.com/de/legal/privacy-policy.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Facebook Audience Network SDK
1. Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
2. Joint controllers
3. Personalized ads
4. As a Facebook user, you can switch off personalized advertising on third-party sites in the
settings. https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
AdColony
1. AdColony, Inc 11400 W Olympic Blvd #1200, Los Angeles, CA 90064, USA
2. Joint controllers
3. Personalized and contextual ads
4. https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/