Introduction
Welcome to CapCut. This Privacy Policy applies to the CapCut mobile software application ("CapCut APP"),
software applications deployed on the desktop ("CapCut Desktop version"), and the official CapCut website
("CapCut Web"), (collectively, the "Services"), and any other website or platform that links to this Privacy
Policy. This Privacy Policy also explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal
information of users and other individuals in connection with our Services.

---

For individuals in the United States, please refer to the CapCut Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy for
information about how we may collect, use, share, and otherwise process consumer health data as defined
under Washington's My Health My Data Act and other similar U.S. state laws.

---

User Content. We may collect the content you create, upload, generate, or access through the Services,
including the photographs, images, audio recordings, and videos you upload, video templates you generate
or view, comments you make, and other actions you take on the Services, such as liking content, including
associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created) ("User Content"). When
you create User Content, we may upload or import it to the Services before you save or post the User
Content (also known as pre-uploading). For example, in order to recommend audio options, generate
captions, and to provide other personalized recommendations we may pre-upload User Content to improve
your experience. You are not required to create an account when using our Services, but some of the
functionality will be limited if you do not create an account. Additionally, we collect Information, including
text, images, and videos, found in your device's clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose
to initiate information sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard onto
the Services, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request. We may also
collect information about you where you choose to use the Services without creating an account, as
otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

---

Purchase Information. If you use features that involve payment, including rewards programs, or the CapCut
Cloud Space Service as described in our Terms of Service, we and/or our service providers or business
partners, such as payment providers, may collect information about the purchase or payment transaction,
such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and what you purchased, where
required for the purpose of payment.

---

Cookies. Depending on the jurisdiction from which you access the Services, we and our service providers
and business partners use cookies to collect data and recognize you and your device(s) on the Services and
elsewhere across your different devices. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and
provide the Services. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, to measure
website traffic and functionality, and for security purposes. We may also use these technologies for
marketing purposes. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law. You have the
option to change your browser's cookie settings, usually through your browser's "options" or "preferences"
menu. However, please note that if you choose to refuse, disable, or delete cookies, some of the
functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you.

---

Third-Party Services. Where available, and if you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Services using a third-
party service such as Apple, Facebook, Google, or TikTok, such services provide us with information such as
your profile information, including your username, email, and profile picture. Depending on the service
provided, these third party services may also share your contact list, and information about your use of that
service.

---

Our Corporate Group. We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our
corporate group, including about your activities on their platform.

---

Others. We may receive information about you from others, for example, where you are included or
mentioned in User Content, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or
if your contact information is provided to us by a user.

---

3. How We Share Your Information
This section sets out how we may share your information, including Information You Provide, Automatically
Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, with third parties.
Service Providers and Business Partners
We may share the categories of personal information listed above, with our service providers and business
partners in order to provide you with the Services for the purposes as set out in this Policy. They provide
services such as cloud hosting, content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation,
marketing, analytics, and online payment. For example, we may share your personal information with:

---

Suppliers, subcontractors, and other business partners who help us run the Services and otherwise help
provide its functionality (such as to send notifications to you). Without limitation on the foregoing, note that
some features on CapCut are developed based on integration with YouTube's API services (the "YouTube API
Services"). If you choose to use the YouTube API Services, you agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of
Service (http://www.youtube.com/t/terms). Per Google, you may revoke your authorization for access to your
data via the YouTube API Services using the functionality provided by Google on Google's security settings
page. (https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). For more information with respect to
Google's privacy practices, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.

---

Data analytics, crash analytics, and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and
optimization of the Services (including providing you with tailored or personalized information or content).

---

Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Services is supported by certain entities within our corporate group. These entities
may process Information We Collect for us as necessary to provide important functions, such as storage,
content delivery and optimization of the Services, security, research and development, analytics, online
payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation.
We may also share your information with any member of our corporate group to improve the Services, allow
you to access other services provided by members of our corporate group, or for internal business purposes.

---

Third-Party Services
If you choose to sign up or log in to use the Services with your other social network account details or other
third-party service account details, or choose to link your Services account with other social network
accounts, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information
about your activity on the Services, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about
your use of the Services, in accordance with their privacy policies.
If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about
you with the third-party service, such as your app ID, access token, and the referring URL. Depending on the
permissions you grant, the third-party service may be able to obtain your account information and other
information you choose to provide. Where you opt to share User Content you created or uploaded on the
Services to other social media Services, your User Content, username, and accompanying text (if any) will be
shared on such Services.

---

Advertising and Measurement Partners To show you ads we may share information (information collected
through your use of our Services (such as mobile identifiers and your device's IP address, and related
information about your inferred location and use of the Services)) with advertising partners. These partners
help us deliver relevant advertising across our Services.
Depending on the jurisdiction from which you access our Services, we may show you ads based on your
activity across other websites, apps and services. This information may be collected through cookies or
similar tracking technologies to show you more relevant ads. You can use the advertising controls provided
to you in your settings to opt out.
We may share information collected through the use of our Services and information about how those ads
performed (such as views, engagement, and clicks) with measurement and advertising partners to help
measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. We may also share aggregate reports about the
performance of ad campaigns with advertisers.

---

Legal Obligations and Rights
We may share the types of information we collect with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, or other
entities if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
■ comply with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, governmental guidelines, or other legal
and regulatory obligations, as consistent with internationally recognised standards;
Π
Π
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any
potential violation thereof;
exercise or defend any legal claims, including to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law
enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries;
■ detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
■ protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted
by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of
fraud protection).

---

Sale or Merger
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your information to the
prospective buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge with, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all
of our assets. In such transactions, your user information may be among the transferred assets.

---

With Your Consent
We may share information with third parties with your consent or at your direction.

---

International Data Transfers
The personal information we collect from you may be stored on a server located outside of the country
where you live. We store the information we collect in secure servers located in Malaysia, Singapore, and the
United States. Where we transfer any personal information out of the country where you live, including for
one or more of the purposes as set out in this Policy, we will do so in accordance with the requirements of
applicable data protection laws. Entities with whom we may share your data as described herein may be
located outside of your country of residence.

---

On some versions of the Services, you can access, view, and edit most of your profile information by signing
into your account, and you may also be able to control how you use the Services by visiting your in-app
settings, including to decide whether you see certain types of advertising on the Services or to manage
third-party services that are linked to your account. When the in-app setting is not available in your country,
you may decide whether you see certain types of advertising on the Services by contacting us using the
methods listed in the "Contact Us" section below, or using any other contact information applicable to your
country. If you choose to login, sign up, or link to a third-party service, such as Apple, Facebook, Google,
TikTok, or Youtube, you may be able to manage the type of data shared with CapCut through that service's
settings.

---

You may also be able to manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work
with to serve advertising across the Internet by using the choices available at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and https://www.aboutads.info/choices. Further,
your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can control
whether we can collect your mobile advertising identifier for advertising through settings on your Apple and
Android devices. You can also opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the "unsubscribe" link or
mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.

---

We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of
these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept
any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any
information to these websites.

---

Australia
Certain entities in our corporate group, located outside of Australia, are given limited remote access to your
information so that they can provide certain functions, as described in the section on "How we share your
information."

---

We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable
law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
Π
confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
access to your data;
correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
■ anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
Π
Π
Π
■ portability of personal data to a third party;
■ object to the processing of personal data;
information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective withdraw
consequences, when applicable;
withdrawal of your consent;
request an analysis of decisions taken exclusively based on the automated processing of personal data
that affect your interests, including decisions taken to define your personal, professional, consumer or
credit profile, or aspects of your personality.

---

International Transfer of Data. We share your personal data globally with companies within our business
group to carry out the activities specified in this Policy. We may also subcontract the processing of data
involved in the Services or share your personal data with third parties located in other countries. Your
personal data may therefore be subject to privacy laws other than those applicable in your country.
Whenever we transfer your personal data to third parties located in other countries, we will ensure that these
companies comply with applicable data protection laws and we will take all measures that are reasonably
necessary to ensure the existence of adequate safeguards to protect your personal data and to ensure that
it is processed safely.

---

Transfer Outside Your Jurisdiction. We and our service providers (including members, subsidiaries, or affiliates
of our corporate group) may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada
(and, for residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec), including in the United States, Malaysia, and Singapore,
and other foreign jurisdictions where we or our service providers are located. For information about the
manner in which we or our service providers (including service providers outside Canada) process personal
data, please contact us using the contact information set out below. We and our service providers may
disclose your personal information if we are required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which
may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities in the
jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate.

---

We use the Information You Provide,
Automatically Collected Information, and
Information From Other Sources, and share
such information with advertising partners,
for example:
information collected when you use our
Services;
your location; and
from your device or app
to provide you with personalized
advertising based on your combined
activity on and off the Services, including
across unaffiliated apps and websites.
We or our advertising partners ask for your consent to serve you
with personalized advertising.
You can withdraw your consent for personalized advertising by
navigating to your in-app settings through the settings icon,
selecting "ad network preferences" and clicking "Do Not
Consent." Your withdrawal of consent will not affect the
lawfulness of processing your information based on your
consent prior to your withdrawal of consent.

---

We use the Information You Provide and
Automatically Collected Information, and
share such information with advertising
partners to provide you with non-
personalized advertising. We or our
advertising partners may show users non-
personalized advertising, including those
who have chosen not to receive
personalized ads.
We or our advertising partners serve you non-personalized
advertising. This processing is necessary for our legitimate
interests, namely to show non-personalised ads to keep the
Services free of charge.

---

We use the Information You Provide,
Automatically Collected Information, and
Information From Other Sources, and share
such information with our measurement
and advertising partners, to measure and
understand the effectiveness of
advertising served on the Services, and
help our advertisers determine how
effective their ads have been.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely
to grow our business and to enable us, advertisers, and our
measurement and advertising partners to understand how ads
performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their
ads. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as
what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of
audience they want to reach and the types of ads that users
enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising we show users
relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Services free for all
users.

---

of each request or obligation. Depending
on the circumstances, we use the
Information You Provide, Automatically
Collected Information, and Information
From Other Sources, for example:
when registering an account;
when logging in, signing up, or linking to
our Services via third party accounts;
User Content and other information
collected when you use our Services;
your location;
when contacting us;
from other sources; and
from your device or app
to comply with any legal obligation,
including where necessary to assist in law
enforcement and investigations conducted
by any governmental and/or regulatory
authority.
includes situations where we have obligations to take measures
to ensure the safety of our users or comply with a valid legal
request such as an order from law enforcement agencies or
courts. Similarly processing may be necessary to respond to
regulatory requests requiring the processing of information
under Chapters IV and VI of the GDPR. In other circumstances,
the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely,
to disclose and share information with regulators or other
government entities.

---

We may use the Information You Provide, The processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you
Automatically Collected Information, and
Information From Other Sources, where it is
necessary to protect your or someone
else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This
could include providing law enforcement
agencies or emergency services with
information in urgent situations to protect
health or life. The specific types of
information we use will depend on the
specific situation.
or other individuals.

---

International data transfers. If you normally reside in the European Region, the personal data that we collect
about you may be further transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the European Region (for
instance, to our service providers and partners). For example, we may store the information that we collect in
secure servers located in the United States, Malaysia, and Singapore.
When we transfer your information outside of the European Region, we ensure it benefits from an adequate
level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or
equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data
protection. We transfer your information to some countries with adequacy decisions; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46
of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved
equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard
contractual clauses to transfer your information to certain entities in our corporate group and third parties in
countries without an adequacy decision.

---

Your Choices. You may withdraw your consent to our disclosure of personal data to third parties. Upon your
request, we will display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third
parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the disclosure and/or collection of your personal
data, we may not be able to fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of Capcut's features
and functionality.

---

How we use your personal data. Almost all of the purposes of the processing data indicated above in the
main section of this Privacy Policy are necessary purposes. However, the following are secondary purposes:
To provide you with personalized advertising and surveys.
The above purposes are not necessary to provide the Services, but allow us to provide you with a better
experience. We offer you the ability to make choices about how we use and disclose your personal data. You
can always limit the secondary purposes of personalized advertising by using the tools in the Settings that
allow you to limit certain features.

---

How we share your personal data. We may share your personal data with a third party for purposes other
than processing on our behalf. We will obtain your consent to such disclosure as required by applicable laws.
By providing us with your personal data and using our Services, you agree to transfers that require your
consent. You can always revoke your consent and exercise your rights as outlined below.

---

Where we store your personal data. Your personal data may be transferred from Russia to Malaysia and
Singapore and stored in that location, outside of the country where you live.

---

Public profiles. We rely on your consent to public distribution of personal data, when your account settings
are 'Public Profile'. You can change your profile to private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in
"Manage my account" settings.

---

How we share your information. In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information
such as User Content and video content on our Services as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns
to promote the Services, your personal information contained in such information may be disclosed to the
recipients of such advertising or marketing content.

---

Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data. We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage
providers, IT service providers, and data centers, some of whom are located abroad, subject to your
consents or notifications to you, if applicable. The entities receiving and processing your data are committed
to using and storing personal data in compliance with domestic and international regulations and to taking all
available physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer so long
as the transfer is not necessary to provide you with the Services, by contacting us at
https://www.capcut.com/privacy/submit-your-request/en or capcut.support@bytedance.com.

---

Your rights. According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to
your personal data:
Π
Π
Π
Π
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data, the right
to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7
of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the
correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the
foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data
processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.

---

How we share your personal data. In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Services in the UAE
you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the
main text of this Privacy Policy.

---

Right to Know. You may have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you,
including the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information, the categories of sources from which
it is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing it, and information
about third parties to whom we disclose it.

---

Opt-Out of Sale and Sharing. Although CapCut does not sell your personal information for money, we do
"Sell" and "Share" your information where defined under applicable law to include the processing and
disclosing your personal information to third parties for purposes of serving you advertisements based on
your activity across other sites and services ("cross-context behavioral advertising" or "targeted
advertising"). CapCut does not knowingly Sell or Share personal information for cross-context behavioral
advertising or targeted advertising of teens where restricted by applicable law.

---

Other California Rights.
You can request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties for
the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Requests may be submitted via the methods listed in the
"Contact Us" section above.