Wave's mission is to make Africa the first cashless continent by using technology to build a radically
inclusive and affordable financial network. When you use Wave, you trust us with your personal data. We're
committed to keeping that trust by helping you understand our privacy practices. This Privacy Notice
describes the personal data we collect when you use our applications, QR cards, features, or other services
("our services"), how it's used and shared, and your legal rights regarding your personal data.

---
• Identity information: We collect data submitted by users to verify user identity in compliance with our
legal obligations. This may include government identification documents such as passports and
commercial registrations (which may indicate document numbers as well as birth date, gender,
photograph and home address) and photo images of the user. For businesses, this may also include
identification information for staff and legal representatives. This information may be collected by an
authorized partner on Wave's behalf.

---
• User communications: We collect the data submitted by users when they contact service support,
including for the purpose of fulfilling user requests and addressing user complaints, and reporting on
the same to regulatory authorities where this is required. Information collected may include feedback
or other information submitted by users in connection with service support. We may also record
telephone calls to our service support teams.

---
• Referencing agencies: We may work with background checks companies and credit referencing
agencies who help us to verify users' identity and background information, and to screen users,
including in connection with sanctions, anti-money laundering and know-your-customer requirements.

---
• Marketing communications: We may use personal data to market our services and our partner
services to users. This includes sending users communications about services, features, promotions,
studies, surveys, news, updates, and events. We may do so through various methods, including email,
text messages, push notifications, in-app communications and ads, as well as ads on third party
platforms. Wave does not sell user personal data to third parties for their direct marketing, except with
users' consent.

---
Who we share personal data
with
Wave's services, operations, business transactions and legal obligations, may require that we share personal
data with other users or third parties.
Wave may share personal data with the following third parties:
• Other users: We share personal data, including customer telephone number and names (redacted
where possible), with other users when sending or receiving e-money or issuing statements containing
information such as transaction history.
• Wave subsidiaries and affiliates: We share personal data with our subsidiaries and affiliates to help us
provide our services or conduct data processing on our behalf.
• Marketing service providers: We share personal data (including usage data and device data) with
marketing agencies, research partners, social media and marketing platform providers, advertising
networks and third-party data providers to reach or better understand our users, target advertising and
measure advertising effectiveness.
• Other vendors and business partners: We share personal data (including usage and device data) with
vendors, consultants, and other service providers or business partners who we engage to perform
certain functions on our behalf. These may include: payment processors and facilitators; background
check and identity verification providers; cloud storage providers; software and digital security
providers; insurance and financing partners; and professional service providers including consultants,
lawyers, accountants.
• The general public: Questions or comments from users submitted through public forums such as Wave
blogs and Wave social media pages may be viewable by the public, including any personal data
included in the questions or comments submitted by a user.
• Law enforcement and other government authorities: We may share personal data with law
enforcement or other government authorities if we are issued with the appropriate lawful mandate and
if the form and scope of the demand is compliant with the law.
• The judiciary: We may share personal data with lawyers, the judiciary and other third parties for the
purpose of enforcing Wave terms and conditions, agreements, codes, policies and guidelines; or to
protect Wave's rights or property or the rights, or property of others; or in the event of a claim or
dispute relating to the use of our services.
• Business transfers and transactions: As we continue to develop our business, we might restructure,
refinance, merge or sell (all or parts of) our business or services. In connection with, or during
negotiations of, such transfers and transactions, user personal data may be transferred, together with
other business assets.

---
Wave may share a user's personal data other than as described in this Privacy Notice if we notify the user
and they consent to the sharing.

---
In the event of transfers of personal data to third parties, we shall require them to agree to measures
necessary to protect the data, and continue to respect users legal rights pursuant to the terms of this Privacy
Notice and applicable laws in the user location.

---
International data transfers
Wave operates, and processes personal data, in several countries. We may transfer personal data
internationally, where this is permissible pursuant to applicable laws in the user's location.
In the event of international transfers of personal data, we shall put in place measures necessary to protect
the data, and we shall continue to respect the user's rights pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Notice and
applicable laws in the user's location.

---
In addition, we limit access to personal data to those employees, contractors and other third parties who
have a business need to know. They will only process personal data on our instructions and they are subject
to a duty of confidentiality.

---
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify users and
any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.