DATA PRIVACY STATEMENT
We would like to provide you with information about what information about you (your "personal data") that we collect, what we use it for, with whom
we share it and what rights you have.
---
We may also combine the personal data you provide to us with other information collected online or offline to the extent permitted by applicable laws,
including information provided by third parties, and use or share it for the purposes described in this Data Privacy Statement We may anonymise the
information we collect (meaning that it can no longer be associated to you and hence no longer constitutes personal data).
---
[SECTION: Why we process your personal data and the legal basis for the processing]
Processing Purposes
Type(s) of personal data
Legal basis
In the event of a contemplated or
actual reorganisation, merger,
acquisition, sale, joint venture,
assignment or other disposition of
all or any portion of our business,
assets and stock
Types A, B, C, D, E, F, and G above
Legitimate interest to facilitate
and/or enable the contemplated
or actual reorganisation, merger,
acquisition, sale, joint venture,
assignment or other disposition of
all or any portion of our business,
assets and stocks.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: Information that we share]
Information that we share
For the Processing purposes set out above, we may share or disclose your personal data:
•
•
As required by law, to comply with legal process and/or to respond to requests from public and government authorities;
With companies within the Electrolux group;
•
With service providers and suppliers trusted to provide services and appliances on our behalf as well as with our partners;
•
With a third party in the event of a contemplated or actual reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment or
other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets and stock;
•
To enforce our terms and conditions; or
•
To protect our rights.
When sharing personal data with a third party, Electrolux requires that such third party agrees to protect and handle your personal data in accordance
with all legal, regulatory and contractual obligations, or other instructions we provide to them.
---
[SECTION: Your choices regarding marketing and information]
You have certain choices regarding how we use and share your personal data for marketing and similar purposes. Subject to your consent, Electrolux
may send you information about appliances, services, events and promotions. The communication may be sent via different channels: email, phone,
SMS, post, social networks. We would like to provide you with the best experience, therefore the communication might be tailored based on the data
collected and your preferences. Where required by law, we will obtain your prior consent You may withdraw your consent to marketing at any time For
example, you can unsubscribe from messages by following the unsubscribe instructions within the message or go to your online account to update your
marketing preferences. If you choose not to receive marketing communications, your personal data may still be used for the other purposes described in
this Data Privacy Statement, such as communicating with you for administrative or transaction purposes as part of the contractual relationship we have
with you or where required by law.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: Social Media Advertising]
Facebook Custom Audience
To analyze, optimize and efficiently market on Facebook we use Custom Audiences from Facebook which is operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4
Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook").
Upon your prior consent we provide Facebook for these purposes with a customer list that includes your email address that you provided to us when
you registered. When using the Custom Audience feature, your data is locally hashed on our system before we upload and pass it to Facebook
("Hashed Data"). Facebook is producing a Facebook User IDs out of this Hashed Data which is then matched to your Facebook data to be used by
Facebook to create the Audience (see Facebook's data protection guidelines for more details). We basically use this feature to display interest-based
advertisements to you when you visit the social network "Facebook" or other websites also using this tool.
Based on your consent, data may be transferred to a third country outside the EU / EEA that has a lower level of data protection than the EU and that
may allow access of state authorities to this data. Facebook Ireland transfers European Data to Facebook, Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA,
94304, and onward transfers may be made to other Facebook Sub-processors. As a guarantee pursuant of Art 44ff of the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), Facebook has signed the EU standard contractual clauses that form part of Facebook's Data Processing Terms.
We only actively provide Facebook with customer lists that include your email address or other personal data with your consent. The legal basis for our
processing is therefore Art 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 lit a) GDPR.
If you no longer agree to us providing your data to Facebook, you can withdraw your consent for the future at any time via your marketing permission
settings.
Further information about the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as the
privacy settings can be found in the Facebook's data protection guidelines. In this context please also note that Facebook generally allows you to
object to targeting here.
---
[SECTION: Social Media Advertising]
Google Marketing Services
To show targeted messages to users within the Google Network (such as Gmail, YouTube, Google Discover, etc.) we use the service Google Audience
from Google which is operated by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google").
Upon your prior consent we provide Google for this purpose with a customer list that includes your email address that you provided to us when you
registered. This allows Google to create a profile about your usage patterns on our website in order to display advertisements in a more targeted
manner in order to present Electrolux advertisements of interest to users on other apps and websites within the Google Network.
Based on your consent, this information is collected by Google and may be transferred to and stored by servers in a third country outside the EU / EEA
that has a lower level of data protection than the EU and that may allow access of state authorities to this data. Google Ireland Limited may transfer
European Data to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. As a guarantee pursuant of Art 44ff of the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), Google has signed the EU standard contractual clauses that form part of Google's Google Ads Data Processing Terms.
We only actively provide Google with customer lists that include your email address or other personal data with your consent The legal basis for our
processing is therefore Art 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 lit a) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent for the future via your marketing permission settings. It is
possible, that you can then still see advertisements from Electrolux even if you withdrew your consent or did not consent in the first place, but these
advertisements on third party platforms are at random.
If you no longer agree to us providing your data to Google, you can e.g. use settings and opt-out options provided by Google or opt-out via your
marketing permission settings.
Please find more information about the Google Personalized Advertising Service here. For more information about Google's use of data for marketing
purposes, please see the summary page, Google's privacy policy is available here.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: Security of your personal data]
Security of your personal data
Electrolux will take appropriate technical and organizational measures in line with applicable data protection laws, including requiring our service
providers, business partners or professional advisors to use appropriate measures to protect your personal data.
---
[SECTION: International transfers]
International transfers
As a global company, we may store your personal data in the European Union (EU) or in the European Economic Area (EEA) or other locations where
we or our service providers and suppliers are located or have servers.
We may transfer your information between Electrolux group companies or transfer information to our international third party service providers and
suppliers acting on our behalf, for the purposes described in this Data Privacy Statement.
Specific information to citizens of the EU/EEA with regard to international transfers
Your information may be transferred to a country outside of the EU/EEA which may not provide the equivalent level of data protection as the EU/EΕΑ.
We provide appropriate safeguards and protections for such cross-border transfers as required by law, including the use of Standard Contractual
Clauses approved by the European Commission, Code of Conducts and/or Binding Corporate Rules. You may request a copy of these documents by
contacting us at the address below.