Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to celebrare.in, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose
information that results from your use of our Service.

---
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on
behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data
more effectively.

---
7. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located
outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may
differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data,
including Personal Data, to India and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement
to that transfer.
Celebrare will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a
country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal
information.

---
8. Disclosure of Data
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
0.1. Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in
response to valid requests by public authorities.
0.2. Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be
transferred.
0.3. Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
0.3.1. to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
0.3.2. to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
0.3.3. to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
0.3.4. for the purpose of including your company's logo on our website;
0.3.5. for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
0.3.6. with your consent in any other cases;
0.3.7. if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company,
our customers, or others.

---
0.3. To stop selling your personal information. We don't sell or rent your personal information to any third
parties for any purpose. We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration. However,
under some circumstances, a transfer of personal information to a third party, or within our family of
companies, without monetary consideration may be considered a "sale" under California law. You are the
only owner of your Personal Data and can request disclosure or deletion at any time.
If you submit a request to stop selling your personal information, we will stop making such transfers.

---
10. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide
Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are
obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

---
11. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

---
12. CI/CD tools
We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service.

---
13. Behavioral Remarketing
We may use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We
and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our
Service.

---
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be
directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third
party sites or services.