Applicability
This Privacy Policy describes how ZARA USA, INC. treats customer personal information on the websites,
social media and mobile apps where it is located (in this policy we call these our Platforms). This policy also
applies to information collected in our stores. Your use of this Platform indicates you agree to our collection,
use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.

--- [SECTION: Notice at Collection] ---
We collect information from and about you.
We collect various types of information from you, as described below. California law requires us to tell you if
we share information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising. Described below by category is the
information we may collect and if we share it forcross-contextual behavioral advertising. To learn how to modify
your cross-contextual advertising preferences view our Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sharing for Cross-
Contextual Behavioral Advertising.

---
We collect contact information. For example, we collect personal identification data, online or in person,
among other purposes, to manage your registration as a user, to manage your purchases of products or
services, to respond to your queries, and, if you wish, to send you our customized including name, mailing
address, email addresses and phone numbers. If you register as a user, we will also have you create a
password. In some cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted above.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We collect information you submit online. This includes information you post when you interact with us
on social media platforms. In some cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted above.

---
We collect demographic information and information about product preferences. This includes
collecting your age and gender. In some cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted
above.

---
We collect information about your device and location. We collect the type of device you use and
location to access our Platforms, including the access and use of the Wi-Fi that we make available to our
customers at our stores. We also collect information about the type of browser you are using. And, we may
look at what site you came from or what site you go to when you leave us. If you are using our apps, we
may also collect your device identification number or the advertising ID. If you use our app, we may look at
how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. If you use any of the specific services that we
may offer you (such as item finder, reserve a fitting room, etc.) available in some of ourstores, we also may
process your location and contact information. In some cases, we may share this information for the
purpose noted above.

---
We collect information about your use of the Platforms. This includes browsing activity, how you
interact with our websites and mobile apps, the products that you buy, and search terms entered. In some
cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted above.

--- [SECTION: We use information as disclosed and described here.] ---
We use your information for marketing purposes. We may provide you with information about new products
and special offers. We may also serve you ads, personalized or not, about products and offers. We might tell
you about new features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find
interesting. For more information about your choices see the Choices section below.

--- [PAGE BREAK] --- [SECTION: We collect information from you in different ways.] ---
We collect information passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn
more about cookies visit the FTC's Online Tracking page. We use these tools on our websites and in emails we
send to you. We may also use these tools in our mobile apps. We collect information about users over time when
you use our Platforms. We have third parties who collect information this way as well.

--- [PAGE BREAK] --- [SECTION: We disclose information as described here.] ---
We provide information with our affiliated organizations and parent company. This includes our affiliates
and Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A. (Inditex, S.A.), the parent company of the Inditex Group, which is the
holding group associated with ZARA. It also includes ITX USA LLC. We may share with ITX USA LLC if you
make purchases from ZARA HOME or MASSIMO DUTTI so that we can complete your purchase.

---
We may disclose information with third parties who perform services for us. We share information with
payment processors. We also share information with advertising and marketing service providers that, for
example send emails on our behalf.

---
We may share information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising. We may share information with
third parties in order to provide cross-contextual behavioral advertising. In the Notice at Collection (above) we
outlined which categories of information are shared for cross-contextual behavioral advertising.

---
We may transfer information with any successor to all our part of our business. For example, if ZARA
is sold we may give a customer list as part of that transaction.

---
We will disclose information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect
ourselves. This could include responding to a court order or subpoena. It could also include sharing
information if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are
investigating a potential fraud. This could include fraud we think has occurred during a sweepstakes or
promotion. We may also share information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone
who requests a winner's list.

---
We may disclose information for other reasons we may describe to you.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Additional information for residents of certain jurisdictions. Certain states, like California, Nevada, and
Virginia require that we tell you if we sell personal information with a third party for monetary or (in California)
other valuable consideration. We do not do this. We also do not sell personal information of minors under the
age of 16 for monetary or other valuable consideration.

--- [SECTION: You have certain choices about how we use your information.] ---
Shine the Light. Under California law, our Customers who are residents of California may request certain
information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their
direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us in the “you can contact us" section
below. Mark your message “Shine the Light.”

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Cross-contextual behavioral advertising. To opt out of cross-contextual behavioral advertising, read
our Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sharing below. Additionally, the Self-Regulatory Program for Online
Behavioral Advertising provides consumers with the ability to manage certain choices online here and
provides a tool for managing mobile choices here.

--- [SECTION: Your Privacy Rights] ---
If you live in California or Virginia or a state with similar rights, you have legal rights in addition to the choices
listed above. You can call us at 1-855 635 9272 or email us at privacy.us@zara.com. Those rights are listed
below:
1. Access: to learn the categories of information we collect and use, and for those in California, the
categories of sources of collection and disclosure and the business purpose for collection;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Nevada residents: you may also opt out of the future sale of their information to a third party so that they may
license or sell that information by emailing us at noted at the end of this notice.

---
Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising: You can opt out of
the sharing of your personal information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising by clicking on Do not Sell
or Share My Personal Information and toggle the button to “inactive” forcross-contextual behavioral advertising
cookies. You can also configure your browser as we describe in this section. Some browsers or browser
extensions also allow you to tell websites not to share your information for cross-contextual behavioral
advertising through the “global privacy control” signal. We will respond to this signal in a frictionless manner.
If you configure this setting on your browser, certain features on our site may not work and you will receive
less targeted advertising. To learn how to configure this setting, view here.

--- [PAGE BREAK] --- [SECTION: We may link to platforms or have third party tools on our platforms we don't control.] ---
If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. We are not responsible
for the privacy practices of third parties. This includes third parties who may have ads or content on our site.
We suggest that you read their privacy policies carefully.