In the process of delivering our search results and other content, we also prevent our
hosting and content providers from creating a history of your searches and browsing.
At a technical level, we achieve this by calling for content (for example, images) on
your behalf from our servers and then ensuring that content is securely delivered to
you through an end-to-end encrypted connection. In order for our product to function,
we share anonymous browser and device information with our hosting and content
providers for security and display purposes (for example, that you're using a mobile
device), but we never share any information with them that could tie your searches or
website visits to you personally, or that could allow them to create a history of your
individual search queries or the sites you browse.

---

The Internet works by routing information to you via your device's IP address. As such,
we cannot prevent your device's IP address from being seen by your internet service
provider, our hosting provider, or other internet providers in between (typically, there
are one or more internet providers between any two points on the Internet). That is,
these providers necessarily use IP addresses to route information. They may also use
them for security purposes, such as preventing network attacks and limiting other
fraudulent traffic. However, the encrypted connection between you and us prevents
your search queries from being revealed to any of these entities. And if you use our
apps and extensions, our Smarter Encryption also helps you use more encrypted
connections when visiting other websites.

---

We make money through private search ads.

Viewing ads on DuckDuckGo Search is anonymous, like the rest of our search results
(as described above). Ad clicks are managed by Microsoft's ad network and Microsoft
has committed to not associate your ad-click behavior with a user profile and to not
store or share that information other than for accounting purposes.

---

Similarly, if you reach out to us directly for support, to provide feedback (such as in a
crash report or on our search engine), or for other reasons, we will only use your
contact information to respond to you. In that process, your communication may be
accessible to the software-as-a-service providers we use in our corporate systems
(such as our company email and project management software). For information
voluntarily provided in surveys, we sometimes use additional vendors for processing,
though their access to personal information is contractually limited to what is
necessary to perform their services. Finally, if you apply for a position on our team, any
information you provide falls under our Recruiting Information Policy.