• We will never sell your personal data to third parties. Although certain data needs to be
shared with key partners, such as server hosting providers, and we also share it for our other
legitimate business purposes, such as analytics services, we have ensured that all such
partners also meet all GDPR standards.

---

2.1. Services. The company provides a global weather tracking and forecasting application,
which can be customized to a certain extent according to Users' preferences on their
own devices through the Website and the App. The Users may also contribute to the
Services by adding their own camera and/or weather station, which will then provide
more relevant local information to us as well as to other users. The Users may also
decide to register, and in such case, personal settings are saved in the profile and
synchronized across devices used with that account. The Windy Stations, and API
Services are provided only to registered users. The content shared through the
Community Service can also be accessed by non-registered Users, but only after
registration any content can be added. The Services are offered both for free and for
subscription. Users with subscription can use a wider range of tools and are offered
with extra features such as 1-hour forecast view, 10-day forecast outlook, forecast

---

• because such processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate
interests pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are
not overridden by your privacy or related rights as an individual. Our legitimate
interests include e.g. the necessary maintenance of our infrastructure, statistical
analysis of the use of the Services, and protection of our legally protected rights;

---

• because we are legally obliged to do so, for example, we are called upon to
disclose your personal data to public authorities; or

---

Special Note about Content Submissions. The Services may offer areas
(community, articles) where you and other users can post or otherwise submit
information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes,
concepts, information, ratings, or other materials on or to the Services
(collectively, "Submissions"). Any geolocation information, tags, or other
metadata in such Submissions may become publicly available. Any information,
including personal data, in your Submissions can be read, collected and used by
others. We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the
information contained in your Submissions;

---

2.4.1. Statistical and measurement data. In addition to the processing of your
personal data as outlined for the particular Services in Chapter 3 below, we
generally process your personal data also for statistical and analytical
purposes.
We also collect statistical and measurement data through automated means
from Google Analytics. Although the data present in Google Analytics reports is
anonymized and we are not able to associate it with you, please note that
Google itself collects your IP address. More information about Google Analytics
can be found here. For the similar reasons we also use other services, such as
BigQuery (more information about Google BigQuery can be found here).

---

2.4.2. Third party technologies that we use in our infrastructure can produce
technical logs with your IP address; we do not perform any analysis or data
mining with this data (and delete it regularly, usually after one month). If any
personal data is processed (your IP address), such data is used only to operate
and improve such technologies.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is such third party's legitimate interest in
operating and improving their technologies.

---

2.5.2. Social Login via Facebook, Google or Apple. You can register a user account
or log in by linking your Facebook, Google or Apple account via a service called
Social Login, which is an easy, secure, and straightforward way to register with
us or log in into our Services quickly.
If you connect Facebook, Google or Apple to your Windy account, we will use
your name, profile picture and email address for registration and authentication
purposes so you can benefit from the respective functionalities of our
Community site and other Services. We also use it to communicate with you in
this regard.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
We may further use this data, and some of your other public information from
these accounts, to analyze, improve, enhance, and fine-tune our products and
the Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in
operating, enhancing and further developing the Services.
When using Social Login services via Apple/Google/Facebook account on the
Website or in the App, the Company collects and processes your personal
information from the company Apple Inc. (name, email address, language
setting and profile photo), Google, Inc. (name, email address, language setting

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

and profile photo) or Meta Platforms, Inc. (name, email address and profile
photo) for the purpose of user account registration/log-in.
The amount of information we are able to access is dependent on the privacy
policy and the settings of your third-party accounts. These settings, in a
combination with what Windy asks for, determines the extent of the data that
can be accessed. Windy account can be disconnected from the linked third-
party account at any time. For more information about Social Login, please
follow our community article: information-about-user-profile.

---

3.1.2.3. Webcam registration (Possible also for non-registered users, however,
registration is highly recommended).
You may also register a webcam using the URL and location of the webcam and
your email address.
Within the framework of the Services offered by the Provider, personal data
may be provided by you to the extent that you wish to benefit from the
corresponding functionality of the Services. Specifically, the following personal
data are processed:
• Webcam Operators' personal data. During the webcam registration,
operators are offered the possibility to enter their webcam page's URL,
location, and the station operator's name.
• The data and content posted through the webcam may be shared with us
and/or with other users of the Services or used only as private (i.e. only
accessible to users with specific link) depending on your setting of the
device in the course of its registration.

---

3.2. Windy Community.
Windy Community is a community forum used to share content and communicate
between us and the users as well as among the users themselves.

---

3.2.2. Content Submissions. The Community offers areas where you and other users
can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative
suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings, or other materials on
or to the Service. If you decide to do so, your personal data are processed as
outlined in general Chapter 2.3 above.

---

3.3. Windy Stations
Service enabling Users to register their personal or professional Weather Station,
sharing their data, seeing them on Windy and eventually also sharing them with others
as Open Data.

---

3.3.1. Weather station registration. Once you are logged in, you may also register a
weather station using the location and other details of the station. Within the
framework of the Services offered by the Provider, personal data may be
provided by you to the extent that you wish to benefit from the corresponding
functionality of the Services. Specifically, the following personal data are
processed:
• Station Operators' personal data. During the station registration, operators
are offered the possibility to enter their station and/or webcam page's URL,
location and other details, as well as the station operator's name.
• The data and content posted through the weather station may be shared
with us and/or with other users of the Services or used only as private (i.e.
only accessible to users with specific link) depending on your setting of the
device in the course of its registration.

---

• Map Forecast – enables adding Windy maps to third party's website;
• Webcams API – enables adding webcams and their content to third party's
websites.

---

4. Recipients of your personal data

---

4.2. Personal data collected with regard to purchases you make in our Services
(subscription) is controlled by third parties based on agreements we have concluded
with such parties. These service providers have their own privacy policies addressing
how they use such information and correspond with the GDPR. In the case that the
third party shares certain data with us that might be considered personal, we are the
controller of your personal data and process it on the legal basis of our legitimate
interest to know the identity of the purchaser, e.g. in the case of any complaints raised
by the purchaser about their subscription.

---

4.3. Some of your personal data may be disclosed to tax authorities, criminal law
authorities and, to a certain extent, also to other public authorities. We will share your
personal data when we, in good faith, believe it is necessary for us to do so in order to
comply with legal obligations under applicable law, or respond to valid legal processes.

---

4.4. We may also share your personal data where we, in good faith, believe that it is
necessary for the purposes of our own or a third party's legitimate interest relating to
law enforcement, litigation and/or criminal investigation, provided that we deem that
such interest is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms
requiring the protection of your personal data.

---

4.5. Your email address that we use for emailing you may be shared with providers of such
emailing services provided that your email address cannot be used for any purpose
other than the purpose of informing you about the latest news, projects or updates in
our Services. The legal basis for such sharing is our legitimate interest in outsourcing
certain technological services.

---

4.6. Your personal data may be uploaded onto third party servers belonging to providers of
analytical functionalities that we use for the processing of your data provided that
your personal data cannot be used for any other purpose than the purpose of
improving our services. The legal basis for such sharing is our legitimate interest in
improving our services.

---

4.7. In order to enable users throughout the world to access our Services, it is necessary for
us to use third party servers to provide the proper functioning of our Services.
However, even with the use of such server providers, your personal data is secured in
compliance with the GDPR. The legal basis for such sharing is the performance of a
contract and our legitimate interest in providing our services effectively.

---

4.8. To ensure that you receive the greatest privacy guarantees and data protection
assurances we can provide, we carefully review all third parties with which we
cooperate. Our third-party service providers do not have any right to use the
information we share with them beyond what is necessary for them to assist us in the
provision of the Services.

---

4.9. Information from fan pages on social networks
Within our services, we have certain buttons and tools of the social networks
Facebook, Instagram, Reddit, VK and Twitter. Additionally, we are also active on
LinkedIn, YouTube, Buffer, Pinterest and Tumblr. We never process personal or other
visitor fan data in any way other than the settings of the individual social networks allow
or for purposes for which the user has given their consent.

---

4.10. International transfer of personal data
The Company is a corporation established in the Czech Republic but it operates
globally. Therefore, in the course of provision of the Services, your personal data will be
processed in the Czech Republic but also in other states from where we or our partners
operate, namely Germany, USA and Taiwan.
If you are user from outside of the Czech Republic, when you use our Services, your
personal data will be transferred as follows:
• Recipient (Contact Information): Windyty, SE (dataprotection@windy.com)
• Country to which it is transferred: Czech Republic
• Date, time and method of transfer: Transmitted through network at the point of
service use
• Items of personal information transferred: All your personal information created
and collected during your use of the service (as described in Chapter 2 “Services
we provide and the general scope of processing of personal data" and Chapter 3
"Processing of personal data within the individual Services")
• Recipient's purpose of use: Provision of services, maintenance of related
systems, statistical analysis, legitimate interest
• Period of retention and use by recipient: Retained and used until membership is
withdrawn or for the statutory retention period (unless otherwise specified in
Chapter 5).
We transfer your personal data to our partners who provide us with hosting services
and with the related infrastructure and we do so solely for the purpose of provision of
the Services. We do not sell to or otherwise share your personal data with any third
party for purposes such as marketing.
Whenever we transfer your personal data to any third party established outside of the
European Union, we take measures to ensure that these third parties protect personal

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

data in accordance with the GDPR. Such measures include either conclusion of the
Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission or other tools as
envisaged by the GDPR.

---

• If we believe that the data may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal
proceedings or dispute, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
(including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention),
which is our legitimate interest.