This document contains a policy statement regarding the collection, use and processing of
personal data, with whom we may share such data and your rights in relation to personal
data. It further contains our cookie policy.
---
Purposes of processing
We will process the information set out above for the following purposes: (i) to administer
your account, to enable and provide the Services and integration with third party services,
and to provide, personalize and improve your experience with the Services, and to
otherwise provide the Services according to the user terms; (ii) to send you alerts or
messages by email or otherwise, including to provide you with marketing of products and
services and to inform you about updates of the Services or the user terms, (iii) to improve
and develop the Services or new services and products and to analyze your use of the
Services, (iv) to ensure the technical functioning of the Services and to prevent use of the
Services in breach of the user terms, (v) to enforce the user terms, including to protect our
rights, property and safety and also the rights, property and safety of third parties if
necessary and (vi) to fulfil requirements by law.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Certain processing is also based on your consent. This is the case where we share your data
with other users of the Service and where we collect data through your Third Party Service
Account. You can withdraw your consent at any time by adjusting your privacy preferences
in our app and website setting menus.
---
Disclosure of personal data
We may disclose your personal data to other users of the Services (upon your opt in).
Personal data collected from you will be shared with third-party providers carrying out
system and sales performance monitoring, customer support and relations systems. These
third-party providers are considered data processors of Flightradar24. Some of our third-
party providers are located in the U.S. In the event your personal data is transferred to the
U.S. upon our usage of the abovementioned third-party providers, we will apply the
Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission (available at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-
protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en) in order to safeguard your personal data.
In addition to the abovementioned, we may also disclose anonymous information to our
partners and suppliers for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy within and outside the
EU/EEA. In some instances it may be required for us to disclose your address onto shipping
companies to receive hardware from us. You understand and agree that such third party or
supplier will be the controller in relation to such data and its processing and that it will be
subject to their privacy policy. We will take necessary actions to secure the transfer of such
data outside the EU/EEA by using a security mechanism in line with the applicable data
protection laws. You expressly consent to your personal data being used as described in this
Privacy Policy.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
A cookie is a very small file or piece of data sent from a website and stored in the memory of
a user's web browser, mobile phone, or other device while the user is browsing a website. A
cookie can help the website provider to recognize your device the next time you visit that
website, provide you with access to certain functions on the website and/or register your
surf patterns. When you visit the Site, it may leave a Cookie in the memory of your web
browser. Most major commercial Internet sites use them and they make your Internet-
surfing more useful and less time-consuming for you because they store information that
may be reused each time you visit the site, such as passwords and your preferences,
including information you have chosen to share with the site. Cookies cannot access and
read the files on your hard drive and cannot be used as a virus. The purpose of using
Cookies is to provide information and products that are more meaningful to you without
asking you the same questions every time you visit the Site. You may get Cookies from our
advertisers, and it should be noted that we cannot pre-screen Cookies which come directly
to you from other computers. There are other technologies such as pixel tags, web bugs,
web storage and other similar files and technologies that may carry the same functions as
cookies. In this Privacy Policy, we use the term "Cookies" for cookies and all such similar
technologies.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Third party Cookies: We may allow our partners to use Cookies on the Site for the same
purposes identified above. We may also use service providers acting on our behalf to use
Cookies for the purposes identified above.
---
Fonts
The flightradar24 and myflightradar24 websites use various different 3rd party fonts. A list
of fonts as well as license details can be found below:
• Open Sans (license: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
• Roboto (license: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
• Roboto Condensed (license: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
• Montserrat (license: https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)
The below tool has been used to extracts a subsets of the font (e.g. only latin characters) to
reduce the file size:
https://github.com/zachleat/glyphhanger
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Social plug-ins
When you encounter an implemented social plug-in (e.g. "like" button) from a third party,
such as Facebook, Twitter or Google, while using our Service, your browser or App, as
applicable, will establish a direct link to that third party ("Social Plug-in") and will then
transmit the following data to the Social Plug-in directly:
a. date and time of your visit;
b. the Internet address/URL of the site that you are currently visiting;
c. your IP address;
d. your browser;
e. your operating system;
f. your user code if you are a registered user of Social Plug-in and if applicable your
surname and first name; and
g. if you click on the plug-in, of course the information that you have used this specific
plug-in.
We explicitly make reference to the fact that we ourselves do not have any influence on the
scope of the data which Social Plug-in collects with the help of the plug-in and that with
regard to data protection we have to rely on the data usage guideline of Social Plug-in.
Please inform yourself further on Social Plug-in specifically about the purpose and scope of
the data collection and your rights in this regard and the setting options to protect your
privacy using the data usage guidelines.
However, it is of course possible to prevent the placing of cookies by settings in your
browser. In addition, it is also possible to block the social plug-ins of Social Plug-in with add-
ons for your browser.