The MLB Properties may link to
services or properties operated by Other Companies (e.g., the official photo store of Major League Baseball)
which are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of any
Other Company whose services or properties you utilize and direct any concerns regarding any such Other
Company property to the administrator of the applicable property.
---
2. How, and for What Purpose, We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information
If you submit personal information to us, or to any Other Company acting on our behalf (a "Service Provider"),
via the MLB Properties, we may use and disclose your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, as
disclosed when you first submit your information or as otherwise permissible under applicable law. We will
not sell, lease, publish, disclose or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as set forth
in this Privacy Policy. We may use and disclose your personal information as described in Section 1 above
and:
---
• To communicate with you about the league or MLB Club(s)/MiLB Club(s) applicable to your interactions
with the MLB Properties and about products, services, sponsors, partners or affiliates related to a
purchase you have made or rules or terms to which you have agreed, to the extent the sending of such
communication is permissible under applicable law;
---
• With one or more MLB Clubs/MiLB Clubs or other MLB Entities, to the extent you've submitted information
or accessed functionality or content that relates specifically to such MLB/MiLB Club(s) or other MLB
Entities (e.g., you've asked to receive the email newsletter of an MLB Club or you've made an MiLB Club-
specific purchase), so we and they may learn more about fans like you, add your current or updated
mailing address to the MLB/MiLB Club's postal mail list, and provide better services to you;
---
• When the personally identifying components of your information are removed, we may use and disclose
such anonymized information for internal purposes amongst MLB Entities (e.g., to learn about the age
distribution of our users);
---
• To provide your personal information to other MLB Entities where necessary for the purposes set out in
this Privacy Policy.
---
3. Other Information Collected
Technical Information. When you use the MLB Properties, we use software tools, including but not limited to
cookies (small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or
application from a website's computers and stored on your computer's or device's hard drive), web beacons
(technology used to track activity, also known as pixel tags) and similar technologies, to collect a variety of
information, for example the IP address of the computer or device used to access an MLB Property, the type
of Internet browser or operating system used to access an MLB Property, the date and duration of a Website
visit or the IP address used to access the Website. We use such technical information for internal purposes,
for example to study and improve the response times of our Website. We may associate such technical
information with personal information you provide to us as described in Section 1 above, in which case we
will treat such associated information as personal information. Please be advised that associating technical
information with personal information may be required for us, and our Service Providers, to recognize you
and your communications with us, for example to retain your newsletter preferences or enable your use of a
"shopping cart.” Customers within the EEA will be asked for consent prior to the setting of cookies.
---
Other Companies' Cookies and Web Beacons; Network Advertisers; Targeted Advertising. We allow and
use select Service Providers and/or Other Companies that may act as third parties as defined under
applicable data privacy laws, such as those who deliver advertisements, content, or social networking or
which provide other services associated with the MLB Properties, to collect data and/or serve ads. We may
also make available certain data you have given to us (e.g., IP address) or that we have collected through
third parties or publicly available means to third parties engaged in targeting advertisements on the MLB
Properties including for use in accordance with such third party's privacy policy. Network advertisers may use
information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to MLB
Properties in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This may happen
through permission given to such third parties to set cookies, web beacons or similar technologies in certain
locations within the MLB Properties, including but not limited to certain of our emails. Third party companies
that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to
as "network advertisers." A permitted network advertiser may use cookies, web beacons or similar
technologies to collect information about your interaction with the MLB Properties in order to tailor certain
advertisements and content delivered within the MLB Properties and on other websites within such network
advertiser's ad network. These companies may also use non-cookie technologies to recognize your
computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity including your
activities on or off MLB Properties. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block
the use of these non-cookie technologies, and those browser settings that block cookies may have no effect
on such techniques. You may learn more about network advertising industry practices and opt out of
targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers and to know your choices
about not having this information used by these companies via the information and tools available
at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You can also make a
request that MLB not sell or share your data and opt out of commercial emails by following the Do Not Sell or
Share My Personal Data link here.
---
To facilitate the activity described above and below, we may use Service Providers to convert your email
address into a unique code (hashed email address or telephone number), which is then provided to the
advertiser, Other Companies, including Other Companies that may act as third parties as defined under
applicable data privacy laws, and/or Service Providers as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
---
Other Advertising. We disclose certain data to Social Networks (as defined below) such as Twitter, Facebook,
LinkedIn and Snapchat to allow us to target existing users and customers with highly relevant advertising
campaigns. We will not share your name, address, email address or telephone number for the purposes of
such campaigns. Instead, a unique code (hashed email address) is disclosed to the applicable Social Network
in order for that identifier to be matched against existing users of the relevant Social Network and to identify
potentially relevant audiences for targeted advertising. We use services such as LinkedIn Matched Audiences
and Facebook Custom Audiences for these purposes. If you do not wish to receive advertisements in this
way, please follow the links in the paragraph above.
---
In addition to advertisements for our own goods and services, we may also facilitate Other Companies,
including Other Companies that may act as third parties as defined under applicable data privacy laws, to
advertise their own and/or Other Companies' goods and services including by targeting those
advertisements to those that might be most interested in them. These advertisements may be shown within
our Games. This is done using information which does not include your name, address, email address or
telephone number and we will not share or sell any of your personal information to third party advertisers
other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In order to provide advertisements relevant to you, your IP
address will be used, as well as your operating system and device type. Information about your particular
device will be used to show you advertisements which work properly on that device.
---
Social Networking. When using the MLB Properties or when using certain Other Companies' social
networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google +) (each a “Social Network”), you may have the option to
connect your MLB Property information and activity with your Social Network information and activity. If you
authorize such a connection, you permit us to disclose, share and/or publish information about your MLB
Property activity with that Social Network and its users, and to access certain of your Social Network
information, as disclosed to you at the time you consent to the connection. Information we may share with a
Social Network may include, but is not limited to, technical information about your MLB Property activity, your
MLB Property comments or the videos you watch on MLB Properties. Information we may access about you,
with your consent, from a Social Network may include, but is not limited to, your basic Social Network
information, your location data, your list of contacts, friends or followers and certain information about your
activities on the Social Network. If you permit a connection between a Social Network and an MLB Property,
we (and that Social Network) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to
the connection with information we already have about you. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with
the Privacy Policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to disclose
information or connect to an MLB Property.
---
Device ID. When you use certain MLB Properties, we or our Service Provider may collect your unique Device
ID. We may use such information for internal purposes and to provide you a better MLB Property experience,
for example to troubleshoot Application problems you may experience or provide you rewards or offers in
connection with your Game activity. We may associate Device ID with personal information you provide to us
as described in Section 1 above, in which case we will treat such associated information as personal
information. You may learn more about our Service Provider for Mobile Games and opt out of any anonymous
Device ID collection via the privacy settings available within your mobile device.
---
Video and Audiovisual Recordings. While you are present at facilities, games or events operated or
controlled by MLB, an MLB Club, an MiLB Club, or an MLB Entity, there may be video recording, including but
not limited to for telecast, security, marketing, promotional or other purposes. The terms and conditions
applicable to your access to the applicable facility, game or event may include terms regarding the capture
and use of video or audiovisual recordings and you should familiarize yourself with those terms. Furthermore,
at certain games or events operated by MLB, an MLB Club, an MiLB Club, or any MLB Entity, consent may be
separately sought for the capture and use of video or audiovisual content for purposes set forth in that
consent. This video or audiovisual content may be utilized by MLB, an MLB Club, an MiLB Club, or an MLB
Entity pursuant to this Privacy Policy to produce, exhibit, advertise or otherwise use your image, voice or
likeness in any and all media now or existing in future as part of the MLB Entities' commercial, advertising and
marketing activities. It may also be used to provide security services, to train personnel regarding security
practices and in connection with legal action or regulatory investigation. You may also elect to provide us
with Submitted Content (as defined in the Terms of Use), and consent to their use for marketing, promotional
or other purposes, and otherwise pursuant to this Privacy Policy, on certain applicable MLB Properties and/or
via applicable Social Networks.
---
Biometric Information. If you elect to participate in certain programs offered by the MLB Entities (e.g., Go
Ahead Entry), the MLB Entities and/or their Service Provider(s) may perform a scan or collect imagery of your
physical characteristics to create a unique identifier associated with you based on biometric identifiers. The
terms and conditions applicable to such programs (e.g., Go Ahead Entry) may include terms regarding the
capture and use of this biometric information, and you should familiarize yourself with those terms if you elect
to utilize and engage with any such programs.
---
4. Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be
Disclosed
• As with many websites, we use Google Analytics to understand how you and other visitors engage with
MLB Properties, and we may enable Google Analytics advertising features to tailor certain advertisements
and content delivered within the MLB Properties and/or third-party websites to you in accordance with
the relevant sections of this Privacy Policy. If you don't want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). You can learn
more about Google Analytics and privacy at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
---
• When you use the MLB Properties, we may disclose information that we may collect from you, such as
your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our
partner/service provider, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies (“LiveRamp”). LiveRamp may use MLB's
first party cookie on your browser to match your disclosed information to LiveRamp's information in order
to provide MLB with a pseudonymous identifier MLB uses in certain real time bidding digital advertising
transactions. These Other Companies may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information
to your browser. You can learn more and opt out of this use here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/.
---
• Aggregated and Anonymous Information. We may disclose aggregated, anonymous information to any
Other Company. This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another
individual person. Amongst other reasons, this information may be disclosed for advertising analytics
purposes.
---
• Business Transfers. As time passes, MLB may disclose personal information with any person or party to
whom we may transfer any of our rights or obligations under any agreement, or in connection with a sale,
merger or consolidation of our business or other transfer of our assets, whether voluntarily or by
operation of law, or to any person who is otherwise deemed to be our successor or transferee.
---
• Disclosure for Legal Purposes. We may be required to disclose your personal and non-personal
information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do
so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy
Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order
to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving
potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of MLB Terms of Use or as required by law.
---
5. Transferring Your Personal Information Across
Borders
For customers in the EEA we are obliged to provide certain information relating to the transfer of your
personal information outside the EEA. Where you have purchased a service, it may often be necessary to
transfer your personal information in order to perform a contract with you. In addition, we may in some
circumstances rely on your express consent. If you submit personal information to us, or to a Service
Provider, via the MLB Properties, you will be voluntarily transferring this personal information to the United
States, a jurisdiction which does not provide the same framework as the EEA for the protection of personal
information. The same will be the case in relation to your personal information which is collected when you
use MLB Properties as specified above.
---
For customers in Japan, we may transfer your personal information to countries whose laws may not provide
the same level of data protection as Japan. For these cases, we have established contractual arrangements
and security safeguards with recipients of your personal information to ensure an adequate level of data
protection at least as required for personal information processing operators under the Act on the Protection
of Personal Information of Japan (the "APPI“).
---
We may use your “Personal Data” as defined under the APPI, for the purposes and joint uses with MLB
Entities as described below. MLB is responsible for such sharing.
Personal Data types to be used jointly
Purposes of joint use
Scope of joint users
Person responsible for managing Personal Data for joint use
• Types of personal information as described in Section 1
"Personal Information We Collect" above
•
•
•
•
•
Purposes as described in Section 2 "How, and for What Purpose,
We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information" above
MLB Entities including each of their parent, subsidiary, affiliated
and related entities as described at the beginning of this Privacy
Policy above.
Name of person responsible: MLB Advanced Media, L.P.
Address: 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10020
Represented by Robert J. Manfred
---
A. Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed,
Sold or Shared
You have the right to request that MLB disclose the following information to you about our collection and use
of your personal information in connection with the MLB Properties over the last 12 months:
• The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information for cross-context behavioral
advertising.
• If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, (i) a list of the categories of
personal information we have sold in the prior 12 months and (ii) a list of the categories of personal
information we have disclosed in the prior 12 months.
• If you are a resident of Delaware, Oregon or Minnesota, you have the right to request a list of third parties
to whom your personal data has been disclosed, such as for targeted advertising.
---
E. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us at any time to not sell your personal information or share your personal
information for cross-context behavioral advertising. You may submit an opt-out request by clicking here, by
clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on our homepage, or by dialing 866-244-
2291 (within the United States) or 1-315-203-6761 (outside the United States).
---
F. Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising
You have the right to direct us not to process your personal information for targeted advertising. You may
submit an opt-out request by clicking here, by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information"
link on our homepage, or by dialing 866-244-2291 (within the United States) or 1-315-203-6761 (outside the
United States).
---
K. Personal Information We Collect, Disclose, Sell, or Share of
Personal Information
MLB has disclosed, sold or shared personal information to parties for a business or commercial purpose in
the past 12 months. MLB does not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years
of age without affirmative authorization.
---
These are the general categories of consumer personal information that MLB Entities have collected in the
last 12 months, the sources from which that information was collected, the business purpose for which the
information was collected, and the categories of parties with whom MLB Entities disclose, sell, or share
personal information.
---
| Category of Personal Information Collected | Source(s) from which that Personal Information may be collected | Business Purpose | Categories of Service Providers and/or Other Companies to whom MLB Entities disclose this Personal Information | Categories of Third Parties to whom MLB Entities sell or share this Personal Information |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Full name | • MLB Properties (including but not limited to websites, apps, games, customer service) • Ticketing partners (e.g., Tickets.com, Ticketmaster) • E-commerce partners (e.g., MLBShop.com, Auctions, Snow Commerce, Fanatics) • Social Media • Partners and licensees | • Order fulfillment • Subscription management • Personalization • Promotions | Partners and licensees Data processing and analytics vendors Fulfillment vendors Payment processors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| Email address | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners • Social Media • Partners and licensees | • Order fulfillment • Subscription management • Security and access control • Provision of services purchased or requested | Partners and licensees Data processing and analytics vendors Fulfillment vendors Payment processors | None |
| Password | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners | • Security and access control • Provision of services purchased or requested | Service Providers providing security and access control services Partners and licensees | None |
| Street Address | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners • Social Media • Partners and licensees | • Order fulfillment • Subscription management | Data processing and analytics vendors Fulfillment vendors Payment processors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| Telephone number | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners • Partners and licensees | • Order fulfillment • Subscription management • Provide requested information • Promotion | Data processing and analytics vendors Fulfillment vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors Partners and licensees | None |
| Birth date / age | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partner • Social Media • Partners and licensees | • Security and access control • Provision of services purchased or requested • Legal compliance | Data processing and analytics vendors Fulfillment vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| Payment data | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partner | • Order fulfillment • Subscription management | Payment processors | None |
| Hashed emails and/or phone numbers | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners • Social Media • Partners and licensees | • Provide requested services • Deliver advertising | Data processing and analytics vendors Advertising vendors | Advertising vendors |
| Hashed biometric information | • Biometric authentication services vendor | • Provide requested services | Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| IP address / Device ID | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partner • Social Media • Advertising vendors (e.g., Google) | • Provide requested services • Deliver advertising | Data processing and analytics vendors Advertising vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | Advertising vendors Advertisers |
| Location data | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners • Social Media • Advertising vendors | • Providing services (e.g., MLB.TV, MiLB.TV) that are location dependent • Delivering personalized experiences • Providing improved experiences and products • Promotions and advertising | Data processing and analytics vendors Advertising vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | Advertising vendors Advertisers |
| Demographic data | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • Social Media • Third party data and analytics vendors | • Providing tailored services, experiences and products • Improving services, experiences and products | Data processing and analytics vendors Advertising vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | Advertising vendors Advertisers |
| Contact list | • MLB Properties (e.g., apps) • Ticketing partners | • Providing requested services | Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| Cookie data | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partner • Social Media | • Delivering optimized services, experiences and products • Advertising | Advertising vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | Advertising vendors Advertisers |
| Usage data | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partner • Social Media | • Delivering optimized services, experiences and products • Advertising | Data processing and analytics vendors Advertising vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | Advertising vendors Advertisers |
| Data specific to an event, activity, or product (e.g., fan clubs, fantasy camps, 5k runs) | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners | • Order fulfillment • Event operations • Providing requested services | The entities producing the event or activity, if other than an MLB Entity Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| Preferences | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • Partners and licensees | • Providing services, products or subscriptions • Tailoring products and services in accordance with preferences | Data processing and analytics vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | Advertising vendors Advertisers |
| Audio and/or audio-visual recordings | • MLB Properties • Social Media • Partners and licensees | • Providing requested services • To produce, exhibit, advertise or otherwise use your image, voice or likeness in any and all media now or existing in future as part of the MLB Entities' commercial, advertising and marketing activities; and • in the case of images or footage captured on CCTV cameras to ensure the safety of the venues hosting MLB/MiLB games and/or events and of individuals attending | Partners and licensees Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
---
These are the categories of sensitive consumer personal information that MLB Entities has collected in the
last 12 months, the sources from which that information was collected, the business purpose for which the
information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom MLB Entities disclose, sell, or share
sensitive personal information.
---
MLB does not use sensitive personal information to infer characteristics about you for purposes other than
those permitted by applicable law, including the CCPA and its regulations. MLB typically limits its use and
disclosure of sensitive personal information to the following purposes: (1) to perform services, such as to
provide benefits to consumers; (2) to resist deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions; (3) to ensure the physical
safety of our personnel, customers, visitors, and others; and (4) to provide short-term, transient and non-
personalized advertising.
---
| Category of Sensitive Personal Information Collected | Source(s) from which that Sensitive Personal Information may be collected | Business Purpose | Categories of Other Companies to whom MLB Entities disclose, this Sensitive Personal Information | Categories of Third Parties to whom MLB Entities sell or share this Sensitive Personal Information |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| MLB.com account credentials | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners • Partners and licensees | • Providing requested services • Order fulfillment • Subscription management • Security and access control • Provision of services purchased or requested | Service Providers providing security and access control services | None |
| Racial or ethnic origin | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners | • Providing requested services • Ensuring the diversity of community programs | Camp, clinic, and event production vendors Charitable partners (e.g., grantees of MLB/MiLB or MLB/MiLB Club foundations) Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| Precise geolocation information | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-commerce partners • Social Media • Advertising vendors | • Providing services (e.g., MLB.TV) that are location dependent • Delivering personalized experiences • Providing improved experiences and products | Data processing and analytics vendors Service Providers providing location verification and related services | None |
| Health information | • MLB Properties • Ticketing partners • E-Commerce partners | • Providing requested services | Camp, clinic, and event production vendors Service Providers such as website hosting, security and/or customer service vendors | None |
| Biometric Information | • Biometric authentication services vendor | • Providing requested services | Service providers, such as the biometric authentication services vendor | None |
---
M. Shine the Light Law
If you are a resident of California, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you may request
information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to a third party for that party's direct
marketing purposes. Any such disclosure made to a third party by us would be otherwise in accordance with
the terms of this Privacy Policy. To make such a request please click here or write to us at: MLB Advanced
Media, L.P., Privacy Administrator, 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020.
---
O. Loyalty Program Disclosures
If you are a resident of California, Colorado or Texas and you participate in a loyalty, rewards, premium
feature, discount, or club card program established by an MLB Entity for the purpose of providing discounts,
rewards, or other value to you in connection with your participation (each, if any, a “Loyalty Program”), we
may disclose and/or share your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and/or pursuant to any
separate consent you may provide in connection with your participation in the Loyalty Program. You may
cease your participation in any Loyalty Program at any time by following the instructions provided in
connection with the Loyalty Program or by contacting 866-244-2291 (within the United States) or 1-315-203-
6761 (outside the United States).
---
P. Notice to Illinois Residents
If you are a resident of Illinois and you elect to participate in any program or offering requiring you to provide
biometric information to any MLB Entity or its Service Provider(s), MLB will permanently destroy such
biometric information, and any information directly derived from such biometric information, when the initial
purpose for collecting or obtaining such information has been satisfied or within three (3) years following your
last interaction with us, whichever occurs first.
---
• No Spyware or Adware. We do not install any Spyware or Adware in connection with the MLB Properties,
or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message,
by means of Spyware or Adware. "Spyware" or "Adware" is any software which has been downloaded to
or installed on an Internet user's computer or device, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the
distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have Spyware from another
company installed on your machine, there are various anti-Spyware/Adware software applications
available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred.
---
• Links. The MLB Properties contain links to other websites and products produced by MLB and to
websites and products operated by unrelated Other Companies. In addition, if you click on an
advertisement within the MLB Properties, you may be directed to a web page within the MLB Properties
or to a third party website or product. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party
websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product
that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to the MLB
Properties, unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product, in which
case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply.
---
• Your Nevada Privacy Rights. If you are a resident of Nevada, in accordance with Nevada Revised Statutes
Chapter 603A, you may request that we do not sell certain of your personally identifiable information
(your "Covered Information" as defined in NRS Chapter 603A) by sending a request to
dataprivacy@mlb.com.