1.2 Our Commitment to Privacy
At Key Collector Comics, we respect the privacy and the confidentiality of our
customers' information, particularly our customers' PII (also commonly referred to
as personally identifiable information) (“PII”). We are committed to keeping
confidential the Pll you share with us. This Privacy and Security Policy explains how
Key Collector Comics collects, uses, discloses and protects the information we
obtain.

---

2.2.3 For our paid subscription customers, you will need to submit information for
one or more of your financial accounts to provide you with Key Collector Comics
Services. This information may likely contain both PII and Non-PII depending on the
nature of the account holder information. However, Key Collector Comics uses a
third-party payment processing service and does not receive or store your
information on our servers.

---

2.3.4 Generally, we use the PIl collected and/or received about you in connection
with our Apps, Website, Key Collector Comics Services, and their various features.
For example, Key Collector Comics may use your Pll and/or the information we
receive about you in the normal course of providing the Key Collector Comics
Services; as part of our efforts to keep Key Collector Comics safe and secure; to
operate or improve the Apps, Website and/or Key Collector Comics Services; to
provide Key Collector Comics Services; to make suggestions to you and other users
on Key Collector Comics; to provide support.to outsource certain services to
Strategic Partners; to complete a transaction that has been requested; to develop
aggregate information; and/or as otherwise disclosed to you. Granting us this
permission not only allows us to provide Key Collector Comics as it exists today, but
it also allows us to provide you with innovative features and services we develop in
the future that use the Pll we receive about you in new ways. We may use your Pll to
communicate with you for the foregoing and other reasons by email or other
electronic communication method, unless you expressly indicate to Key Collector
Comics not to use a particular method of communication. While you are allowing us
to use the Pll we receive about you, you always own all of your information. Your
trust is important to us, which is why we don't share Pll we receive about you with
others unless we have received your express permission for the information to be
used for such purpose. Additionally, we may use aggregated information derived
from Pll to improve the Key Collector Comics Services and any related matters
thereto.

---

2.3.5 Unless we are required to do so by law, we shall not obtain your consent
before collecting Pll about you from parties other than Key Collector Comics.
Rather, Key Collector Comics shall presume that you have previously provided such
consent to any such third party from whom Key Collector Comics obtains such
information. This only applies to information provided by third parties to Key
Collector Comics. Key Collector Comics does not provide third parties with access
to your account information and only shares your information with third parties
where we have your consent to do so.

---

2.3.6 In the normal course of its business operations, Key Collector Comics restricts
the use of your Pll to Key Collector Comics' personnel and its Strategic Partners. We
provide a current list of our Strategic Partners at the end of this policy.

---

2.3.7 We shall not sell your Pll in the normal course of business operations. Should
all or any part of Key Collector Comics' business operations be sold, this paragraph
shall not by itself restrict the transfer of your Pll as part of the Website sold to a
third party. However, the ability to transfer such information may be governed by law
in your applicable jurisdiction. In such cases, Key Collector Comics shall comply
with applicable law, provide notice, and seek consent prior to any such transfer.

---

2.4 Disclosing Personal Information

2.4.1 We do not share Pll we obtain from your use of our Key Collector Comics
Services with others except as described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of
Use.

---

2.4.2 General.
Key Collector Comics may use your PII and/or the information we receive about you
in the normal course of providing the Key Collector Comics Services; as part of our
efforts to keep Key Collector Comics safe and secure; to operate or improve the
Apps, Website and/or Key Collector Comics Services; to provide Key Collector
Comics Services; to make suggestions to you and other users on Key Collector
Comics; to provide support; to outsource certain services to Strategic Partners; to
complete a transaction that has been requested; to develop aggregate information;
and/or as otherwise disclosed to you. Additionally, Key Collector Comics may use
information collected from you to authenticate user accounts and to send
notifications related to Subscription services. Occasionally, we may utilize an email
address to send updates, offers, newsletters or messages from potential future
partnerships on a strictly limited basis and at all times related to comics and pop
culture. Users may choose not to receive emails of this type by using the
unsubscribe feature found at the bottom of any email or newsletter delivered. Users
can also enable or disable push notification messages by accessing the option
through the Menu button, then the Manage Subscriptions button. Key Collector
Comics may provide Pll to other persons where (a) we have your consent; (b) the
disclosure is necessary to complete a transaction requested; (c) we have obtained
information from a third party (presuming that you have previously provided such
consent to any such third party from whom Key Collector Comics obtains such
information); (d) we are required or permitted to do so by law; (e) the Apps, Website
and/or Key Collector Comics Services are used in a manner that violates the Terms
of Use or uses for purposes other than those for which they were specifically
intended; and/or (f) the terms of this Privacy and Security Policy and/or the Terms
of Use otherwise permit and/or provide for such disclosure.

---

2.4.3 Strategic Partners. Key Collector Comics may employ, engage or retain certain
trusted third parties (“Strategic Partners”) to perform functions and/or provide
services on its behalf, such as web hosting, integrated services, or advertising. Key
Collector Comics will share Pll with these Strategic Partners only to the extent
necessary to perform the functions and/or provide the services for which they have
been employed, engaged, or retained. Key Collector Comics shall also secure
contractual obligations from our Strategic Partners to maintain the privacy and
security of the PII shared with them at the same level of privacy protection as
provided by Key Collector Comics to its customers. Upon notice of unauthorized
processing by a Strategic Partner, Key Collector Comics will take reasonable and
appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing. Some of the
Strategic Partners that may receive access to your Pll to provide the Key Collector
Comics Services have been listed below.

---

2.4.4 Business Transfers. Key Collector Comics reserves the right to sell, transfer or
otherwise share some or all of its assets, including PII, in connection with a sale of
assets; a merger, acquisition, or reorganization; or, filing for bankruptcy. You will
have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the planned processing of
your information by the purchaser differs materially from that set forth in this
Privacy and Security Policy.

---

2.4.5 Legal Compliance. Key Collector Comics may be required to disclose any
information about you and/or Content created by you in response to lawful requests
by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements. We may also disclose any information about you and/or Content
created by you as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to: (1)
comply with an order from a court of competent jurisdiction, regulatory agency,
and/or other governmental authority; (2) respond to claims, court orders, or other
legal process (including subpoenas); (3) to enforce the terms of this and other Key
Collector Comics agreements as well as to protect the property and rights of Key
Collector Comics, its Strategic Partners, or other third parties; (4) to protect, in Key
Collector Comics' sole discretion, the public or any person from harm; (5) to
investigate, prevent, stop, or take other action regarding any action perceived to be
fraudulent, illegal, unethical, or legally actionable in Key Collector Comics' sole
discretion; and/or, generally, (6) to comply with the law.

---

2.4.7 Onward Transfer Liability. Key Collector Comics may be liable for onward
transfers of personal data to third parties in violation of this policy and other legal
and contractual obligations to which it agrees.

---

2.5.4 Because non-PIl cannot be used to identify you, Key Collector Comics may in
its discretion provide non-Pll to other persons or entities.

---

F. Identify to Third Parties that you have visited our Website.

---

We also store Cookies on our website for use with Google Analytics and Facebook.
Many of our Strategic Partners may use Cookies. Key Collector Comics maintains
no control over the use of Cookies by our strategic partners or third-party
advertisers. For information on how these third parties utilize Cookies collected, you
should examine their respective privacy policies. More specifically, when you use
Key Collector Comics Services, cookies may be placed on your computing device
that inform third parties you visited our services. Because of this, you may receive
advertisements relating to Key Collector Comics. Although Key Collector Comics
provides these ads to third parties and requests that they be placed when the
advertising services find our cookies, we do not control the timing, location, and
placement of the ads. So, though Key Collector Comics controls generally when and
to what type of individual or cookie receives an ad, we do not control whether a
specific user or consumer receives an ad. Should you wish to cease receiving such
advertisements, you should opt out of these re-targeting services directly on the
third party websites or platforms where possible.

---

2.6.2. Google AdWords Marketing
Key Collector Comics may use, from time to time, Google Adwords marketing
campaigns to promote its products and services. In particular, Key Collector Comics
intends to use Google AdWords “Remarketing” campaigns In using Google Adwords
marketing campaigns, Google will place a cookie on your computer when you visit
Key Collector Comics' website(s). As you leave Key Collector Comics' website(s),
this cookie will later enable banners and other materials to appear through which
you can return to Key Collector Comics' website(s). The foregoing being said,
through the use of any Google AdWords marketing campaign, Key Collector Comics:

A. SHALL NOT run an interest-based advertising campaign that collects PII;
B. SHALL NOT use or associate PII with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds, or
other anonymous identifiers;
C. SHALL NOT use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or
location, with any Pll collected from any Google AdWords ad or landing page
associated with it;
D. SHALL NOT target children under the age of 13 through any Google AdWords
campaign;
E. SHALL NOT share any PII with Google through Key Collector Comics' remarketing
tag or any product data feeds which might be associated with Key Collector
Comics's ads;
F. SHALL NOT, when creating a remarketing list, use any sensitive information (as
defined by Google), or products associated with such sensitive information, about
visitors to Key Collector Comics's Website(s), any of its Webpages, or Apps, whether
Key Collector Comics collected it directly or associated it with a visitor, based on the
visitor's profile or behavior on Key Collector Comics's website(s), webpages, and/or
through its Apps;
G. SHALL NOT create a remarketing list or ad that seeks to reach people through
prohibited methods; and,
H. SHALL NOT create or produce ad content that implies knowledge of Pll or
sensitive information.
Key Collector Comics has no objection to Google providing notice or labels to
disclose interest-based advertising to its users. Key Collector Comics has no
objection to Google displaying to its users the remarketing lists, including those of
Key Collector Comics, upon which they appear. For your protection, Google will not
disclose Key Collector Comics remarketing lists or other similar audience lists to
another advertiser without Key Collector Comics' consent. At this time, Key
Collector Comics shall not permit such disclosures.

---

3.4 Where Key Collector Comics obtains information about a consumer from its
customers or other third parties, Key Collector Comics presumes that the consumer
has previously provided appropriate consent to the party from whom Key Collector
Comics obtains the information. In any case, the consumer can be assured that this
Privacy and Security Policy applies to any information obtained from a third party.

---

3.6 Control of your Personal Data.
For any of the various ways in which you can control your personal data, particularly
by limiting the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal data
(including, but not limited to, as described in sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 4.1, 4.2, and 4.5),
Key Collector Comics has a designated Privacy Officer to which you should submit
all inquiries and requests at support@keycollectorcomics.com. This is the most
efficient means of submitting a request. Our Privacy Officer and legal counsel both
receive emails sent to support@keycollectorcomics.com. You also have the limited
ability to change aspects of your information through your account. Finally, we
direct you specifically to our limitations on deleting information described in 4.5.

---

6.2 Key Collector Comics has further committed to refer any unresolved complaints
with respect to Key Collector Comics Service's compliance with our Privacy and
Security Policy, any applicable SCC obligations, and/or our GDPR commitments to
JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you
do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not
addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit JAMS for
more information:

---

6.3 Should you have any unresolved complaints with respect to Key Collector
Comics Service's compliance with our Privacy and Security Policy, any applicable
SCC obligations, and/or our GDPR commitments, you may also contact the Federal
Trade Commission (“FTC”) (https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/) as the
appropriate statutory body that has jurisdiction over any claims related to our
privacy practices. In fact, Key Collector Comics is subject to the investigatory and
enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). However, the FTC
does not generally resolve individual consumer complaints.

---

6.5 For general cases unrelated to the privacy of your data, our Privacy and Security
Policy, our Privacy Shield commitments, any applicable SCC obligations, and/or our
GDPR commitments, you can still file a complaint with JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/about/submit-a-case. Please note that use of a private
mediation service such as JAMS for complaints unrelated to the subjects specified
in 6.1-6.4, you will likely be required to pay fees.

---

7. DISCLAIMER AS TO THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
Although our corporate owned websites may contain links to other third-party
websites and/or may be advertised on such third-party websites, Key Collector
Comics is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites
and specifically disclaims any such responsibility. Key Collector Comics does not
monitor the privacy practices or content of these websites. If you have any
questions about the privacy practices of a website other than a Key Collector
Comics owned website, you need to contact the Privacy Officer of the website about
which you have a question. As stated above, Key Collector Comics cannot control
the targeted advertising you receive when you leave our Key Collector Comics
Services. Depending on your settings, you may receive Key Collector Comics
advertisements off of our website because your browser contains retained data
from Key Collector Comics Services. While Key Collector Comics may provide third
parties with advertisements and your computing devices may retain data that you
visited Key Collector Comics Services, we cannot control the computers or servers
owned by third parties. You can adjust settings with some of these Third Parties to
opt out of targeted advertising. You can also choose to use an incognito or other
function that precludes retention of browser information. But, modifications of your
browser settings may affect the quality of Key Collector Comics Services you
receive.

---

8.2 DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT and STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES (EU
CUSTOMERS ONLY). For our EU Customers, we will provide a copy of the EU DATA
PROCESSING AGREEMENT and Standard Contractual Clauses upon request.

---

10.1 When you post content on and/or through the Key Collector Comics Services,
you have the ability to post content which may include personally identifiable
information or Pll about yourself. You are responsible for the information you (a)
post online; (b) post through use of the Key Collector Comics Services; or, (c) share
with another website that you link to from our Website. You do so at your own risk.
Key Collector Comics warns you to be careful in posting information accessible to
the public.

---

10.2 If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may
receive unsolicited messages from other parties or other unwanted and possibly
harmful contact. Key Collector Comics warns you to be careful in posting
information accessible to the public.

---

Strategic Partners None at this time.