All users should be aware, however, that when they voluntarily display or distribute personal information
(such as their email address), that information can be collected and used by others. This may result in
unsolicited messages from third parties for which Astroyogi.com is not responsible. Also, you may have
arrived at this Web site by following a link from any other affiliate. If so, please be aware that Astroyogi.com
may share your information with that affiliate and the affiliate may use the information consistent with its
privacy policy instead of this one.
---
Astroyogi.com may also disclose specific user information when we determine that such disclosure is
necessary to comply with the law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect
the interests or safety of Astroyogi.com or other users of the Site. In addition, personal information we have
collected may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets or a bankruptcy
of Astroyogi.com
---
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may
use information about you and your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on
this site and other sites about goods and services of interest to you.
---
What you should know
Astroyogi.com cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will
never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, although we are
committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal
information or private communications will always remain private. As a user of the Site, you understand and
agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Site, the internet generally, and the
documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Site.
---
User's First Name, Birth Detail and Interests will be shared
with Astrologers for consultation.