To learn more about the way we use your data for interest-based advertising
and share your geolocation data with third party advertisers, please see
Section 5, Interest-Based Advertising

---

NFL Enterprises LLC, the National Football League, the League's thirty-two
member clubs ("Member Clubs"), and the other members of the NFL Family
(collectively, "NFL," "we," "our," "us") respect your privacy and value your
trust and confidence. This privacy notice (the "Privacy Notice") applies to our
websites, mobile applications, and other offline or online and mobile services
that link to or post this Privacy Notice (collectively, the "Services"), and
explains how we collect, use, and disclose information through the Services.

---

Please also note that in some instances, we may direct you to a site or page
that is operated by one of our partners or use framing techniques to serve you
content from partners while preserving the look and feel of our website. Even
though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of
the Services, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection
by such partners.

---

We may collect some or all of the following types of information, some of
which may be considered sensitive information, including when you register
with us, use our Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, participate in
surveys, create a profile, access various content or features, submit
comments or content, use a send-to-a-friend feature, attend events, or
directly contact us with questions or feedback:

---

Communicate with you about products, services, contests, and events that
we think might be of interest to you, and otherwise send you promotional
material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners,
their respective affiliates or subsidiaries, and other third parties. We will obtain
your consent to send such communications to the extent required by law;

---

3. Disclosure of Information
We may disclose each of the categories of personal information described
above with others for the purposes described above, including as follows:

---

Authorized Third Parties and Service Providers: We may disclose your
information to third-party vendors and service providers that perform certain
functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders,
provide products and services, manage databases, perform analyses, process
credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for
us).

---

Within the NFL Family: We may disclose your information to all members of
the NFL Family, including, without limitation, the subsidiaries and affiliates of
the National Football League (e.g., NFL Properties LLC, NFL International
LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.) and to
the subsidiaries and affiliates of the Member Clubs. For example, we may
disclose your information to Member Clubs with whom you have interacted,
such as where you have indicated a preference for one or more Member
Clubs or when you attend or purchase a ticket for an event sponsored by a
particular Member Club. These Member Clubs may disclose your information
to other companies under common control with a Member Club that may be
subject to separate privacy policies, including so that they may directly offer
you products, services, contest, and events that may be of interest to you and
send you promotional material or offers that may be of interest to you.

---

Select Business Partners: We may disclose your information to select
business partners so that they can provide you with special offers,
promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For
example, we may disclose your information to our co-brand partners when
you choose to be involved in those programs, such as when you enter
contests or sweepstakes that are conducted with those business partners.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, and
we urge you to review their privacy notices for more detail on how they might
process your information and for information about how to exercise your
marketing and other choices with such partners.

---

Third-Party Advertising and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: We
use third party advertising, analytics, and measurement partners to serve you
advertisements on the Services as well as across other sites and services. For
information about how we may disclose your information to third parties in
connection with advertising, please see Section 5, Interest-Based
Advertising. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web
technologies on the Services and elsewhere online that enables them to
collect information about users' online activities over time and across
different websites.

---

Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or
transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer,
or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar
event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction.

---

Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third
parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of the NFL, our
corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our
Services; enforce our terms of use and other agreements; respond to and
resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes;
and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request
for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally
required.

---

Other Parties With Your Consent: We may disclose information to third
parties or the public when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you
win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post
certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.

---

Aggregate Information: We may disclose aggregate information, such as
demographics and usage statistics, to advertisers, sponsors, or other
organizations.

---

Geolocation Information: We may disclose your geolocation information to
service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf. We
also may disclose your geolocation information to third parties so that they
may provide you with geographically relevant advertising;

---

Please also note that if you choose to engage in public activities on the
Services, such as through interactive features like a chat room, forum, blog,
or other community tool, you should be aware that the information you share
there will be publicly available and can be read, collected, or used by other
users of these features. You may receive unsolicited messages from other
parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information
will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.

---

4. Cookies and Similar Technologies
We, service providers acting on our behalf and third parties, such as
advertising partners, use cookies and similar technologies such as beacons,
tags, HTML5 local storage, and scripts, to collect information from your
browser or device. By using the Services, you acknowledge the use of
cookies and similar technologies on the Services, although we have certain
cookie-related choices described below and, where required by law, we seek
your additional consent for certain categories of cookies.

---

Ο
Functional cookies and technologies: These enable the Services to provide
enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third
party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you disable
functional cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.

---

Ο
Targeting cookies: We partner with third party advertisers to serve and
display advertising on the Services and elsewhere online across different sites
and services. As described directly below under Section 5, Interest-Based
Advertising, these partners may use cookies and other similar technologies to
collect information about your activities across different websites and services

---

5. Interest-Based Advertising
We partner with third party advertisers, as well as analytics and measurement
partners, to serve and display advertising on the Services and elsewhere
online across different sites and services.

---

These partners may use cookies and similar technologies on the Services and
elsewhere online to collect and share information about your activities across
different websites, mobile applications, and services to provide you with
relevant advertising ("Interest-Based Advertising" or "IBA"). For example, we
may conduct analysis on your behavior in order to provide you with Interest-
Based Advertising both on and off the Services. "We may also disclose non
cookie-based information for advertising purposes, including for Interest-
Based Advertising. For example, we may disclose information to social
networking platforms, so that they may send tailored communications on our
behalf via their platforms. To serve and display advertising relevant to your
location, where permitted by law and depending on the Services you use, the
Services may also track your device's precise geolocation by responding to
beacons or inaudible signals sent to your device's microphone. This is
typically done based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device.

---

Precise Geolocation Data for IBA
As noted previously and in accordance with local laws, we may disclose your
geolocation information, including precise geolocation information, to
service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf and
to third parties so that they may provide you with geographically relevant
advertising.

---

6. Social Networking
The NFL works with certain third-party social media providers to offer you
their social networking services through our Services. For example, you can
use third-party social networking services to share information about your
experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social
networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect
information about you, including your activity on our Services. These third-
party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our
Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a
user of our Services or about your use of our Services, in accordance with
applicable law and their own privacy policies. If you choose to access or
make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive
information about you that you have made available to those social
networking services, including information about your contacts on those
social networking services. Your interactions with those social networking
services are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the
relevant service.

---

The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are
operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under our control or
maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of
those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities
associated therewith. This Privacy Notice does not apply to this third-party
content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party
websites or services.

---

9. Data Transfers
When we transfer your personal information to third parties as described in
this Privacy Notice, some of these parties may be located in countries other
than your own, such as the United States, whose privacy and data protection
laws may not be equivalent to those in your country of residence. When we
transfer your personal information to other countries, we apply appropriate
safeguards, to protect your information in accordance with applicable laws.
For example, some NFL entities implement measures such as standard data
protection contractual clauses to ensure that any transferred personal
information remains protected and secure. A copy of these clauses can be
obtained by emailing enquiries@nfl.com. If you would like to know more
about the processing of your personal information and whether your personal
information is transferred to a third country, please contact us using any of
the methods described in Contact Us.

---

Certain of our Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement
software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as
Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about
whether to contribute to our research and insights. To learn more about
Nielsen measurement and your choices, including how to opt out, please visit
http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy.

---

Please note that we may still maintain, use, and disclose your sensitive
personal information for certain purposes, such as to provide you with
services that you have requested, protect the safety and security of services,
and comply with our legal obligations.

---

Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may also be afforded
the right to opt out of the sale, sharing, or processing of your personal
information for purposes of serving you advertisements based on your
activity across other sites and services ("cross-context behavioral
advertising" or "targeted advertising"). You may exercise these opt-out
choices with respect to your cookie-based personal information by visiting
"Privacy Settings" in applicable apps or the "Cookie Settings" link in the
footer of applicable websites and toggling off Selling, Sharing, Targeted
Advertising cookies. You may also exercise these opt-out choices with
respect to your non-cookie-based personal information by clicking the "Your
Privacy Choices" link in the footer of applicable sites.

---

Sharing your personal information from an NFL Event: We may disclose your
personal information captured at an NFL Event with any of the entities set out
in this Privacy Notice, as described in Disclosure of Information. Additionally,
when you appear in a photograph or film footage at an NFL Event, we may
disclose that photograph or film footage containing your image, voice, and/or
likeness with our third-party partners. These partners include our sponsors,
licensees, advertisers, and/or broadcasters. We will disclose the photographs
or film footage containing your image, voice and/or likeness when it is in our
legitimate business interests to do so. However, each of the third-party
partners may use your personal information for their independent commercial
purposes without reference to the NFL.

---

Please also note that broadcasters and other third parties that are
unconnected to the NFL may be independently filming or photographing you
when you attend an NFL Event. Although we only give permission to a small
group of entities (such as certain broadcasters) to film or photograph NFL
Events, these entities are separate data controllers in respect of your personal
information, and the NFL is not responsible for how those parties use your
personal information and for what purposes.

---

Communicate with you and otherwise send you promotional material or
special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners, their
respective affiliates or subsidiaries, and other third parties;

---

Depending on the nature of your relationship with us, and as described
further in the Disclosure of Information section, we disclose, and have
disclosed over the prior 12 months, each category of personal information to
the following:
Ο
Ο
Authorized third parties and service providers;
Within the NFL family;
Ο Select business partners;
Third-party advertising and audience and traffic measurement services; and
Other partners, including as part of a business transfer; for administrative or
legal process; or with your consent.

---

Please review the rest of this Privacy Policy for more information about the
circumstances in which we sell or share personal information, such as
internet and electronic network activity information, device identifiers, and
other information about your use of the Services we collect automatically
when you visit or use the Services, and to exercise your rights to opt out.

---

Shine the Light: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California
residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal
information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

---

Ο
Necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract: When you enter
into a transaction with us, we will need to collect, process, and share your
personal information. Failure to provide the requisite personal information when
entering into such an agreement, objecting to this type of processing, and/or
exercising your deletion rights may mean that products and/or services cannot
be provided to you.