Sharing your information

We disclose your Personal Data publicly when you post user-generated content via our sites or apps. We may
disclose Personal Data to our business partners or other Sony group companies in accordance with applicable
law. We also share data with third parties we engage to process data on our behalf or when such sharing is
required by law, or in certain other situations.

---

International transfers

We transfer your Personal Data to the United States or other jurisdictions in which we or our service providers are
located. We have appropriate safeguards in place to cover these transfers if necessary (including transfers out of
the EEA or UK).

---

Payment Information: information that allows us or our third party providers to process payments where required
to grant you access to our Content, related purchase or subscription status, and payment history.

---

Usage Information: We and our third-party partners and service providers, such as Google Analytics and/or Adobe
Analytics, may use a variety of technologies that collect and provide information about how the Content is
accessed and used. Usage Information may consist of your internet browser type and version, operating system,
service provider, the webpages, videos and apps you viewed, the time you viewed them and for how long, game or
video history, skill level, demographic information about you (such as your age, gender, language, location and
interest areas, where available), time zone, language, and what you looked at before accessing our Content. For
more information about the collection of some of this information, please also see the section on Cookies and
Similar Tracking Technology.

---

Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us. When you leave our site or
platform your information may be collected by a third party and subject to their privacy and cookie notice.

---

INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES

The Content may include hyperlinks in association with the Content, plug-ins, websites, locations, platforms,
applications, or other services operated by third parties ("Third-Party Service(s)"). These Third-Party Services may use
their own cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology to independently collect information about you and
may solicit Personal Data from you. Their privacy policies apply in such cases, and not this Policy.

Certain functionalities on the Content permit interactions that you initiate between the Content and certain Third-
Party Services, such as third-party social networks ("Social Features"). Examples of Social Features include: enabling
you to send content such as contacts and photos between the Content and a Third-Party Service; "liking" or "sharing"
SPE's content; logging in to the Content using your Third-Party Service account (e.g., using Facebook Connect to
sign-in to the Service); and to otherwise connect the Content to a Third-Party Service (e.g., to pull or push information
to or from the Content). If you use Social Features, and potentially other Third-Party Services, information you post or
provide access to may be publicly displayed on the Content or by the Third-Party Service that you use. Similarly, if you
post information on a Third-Party Service that references the Content (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with SPE or
Sony group companies in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with the Content or
otherwise by SPE and Sony group companies. Also, both SPE and the third party may have access to certain
information about you and your use of the Content and any Third-Party Service. Third-Party Services may in certain
circumstances provide SPE certain Personal Data, such as identification data, demographic information, contact
information, your comments and user generated content, usage information, inferences about you, and device
identifiers. To the extent relevant under applicable law, where we control your Personal Data jointly with third parties,
we will provide you with information about this relationship at the point of collection or through the Cookie Consent
Tool.

---

WHERE THIS IS NECESSARY FOR PURPOSES WHICH ARE IN OUR, OR
THIRD PARTIES', LEGITIMATE INTERESTS. THESE INTERESTS ARE:

To help other organizations (such as copyright owners) to enforce their rights

---

WHERE THIS IS NECESSARY FOR US TO COMPLY WITH OUR LEGAL
OBLIGATIONS

In response to requests by government, regulators, judicial or law enforcement authorities conducting an
investigation.

---

COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGY

Cookies, web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels") and other tracking technologies may be used by SPE and third
parties including other Sony group companies to collect information about your interactions with the Content or the
emails which SPE sends to you, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.

---

To show adverts and Content recommendations that are more relevant to your interests: for example, we use
tracking technologies to remember Content that has interested you, to make Content recommendations and tailor
Content, and then use this to help us serve more relevant ads to you, including when you are on another site.
Tracking technologies also help limit the number of times that you see an ad, measure the effectiveness of
advertising campaigns and help us and others track whether ads have been properly displayed. We typically
collect contact information, device identifiers such as IP address, and usage information such as your ad
interactions, browsing history, and viewing history for this purpose.

We also allow other organizations to use tracking technologies for these advertising purposes. In addition, we
work with third-party platforms and websites (such as social networking platforms) to serve targeted
advertisements on such third-party services and platforms to you or others, and we may convert your email
address, telephone number, or other information into a unique value and provide it to these third-party platforms
for matching purposes. You can find information about these third-party platforms and websites in our Cookie
Consent Tool.

To the extent required by law, we will ask for your consent before setting these cookies. To learn more about
certain cookies used for interest based advertising as described above by third parties, including through cross-
device tracking, and to exercise certain choices regarding such cookies, please visit the Digital Advertising
Alliance, Network Advertising Initiative, Digital Advertising Alliance-Canada, European Interactive Digital
Advertising Alliance or your device settings.

---

To analyse and improve your browsing experience: to analyse which Content is most popular and gets viewed the
most and which gets viewed the least, and to provide us with general information about users of the Content
(such as age, gender and interest areas). We also remember the choices you have made, such as your language or
region, to enhance and personalize your experience. We may also remember the place where you have left off
viewing the Content, so that you can return to the same place when you view the Content again. We typically
collect device identifiers such as IP address and usage information such as browsing history, device and browser
type, and operating system for this purpose. We use analytics services provided by Adobe, Google, and others to
help us analyse and improve your browsing experience as outlined in this paragraph; you can find their cookies
policies at the following links here for Adobe and here for Google. To the extent required by law, we will ask for
your consent before setting these cookies. If you change your mind or if you don't want us to use information
about your visits in this way, click here for Adobe and here for Google, to opt-out of their services, and follow the
instructions below for other analytics services.

---

HOW, AND WITH WHOM, WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

We may share your Personal Data in the following circumstances:

With your consent (including for Marketing and Promotions). We may ask for your consent to share your Personal
Data with third parties for their own marketing purposes, and if you give your consent, we will share it in
accordance with applicable law. For example, we may share your Personal Data with marketing and promotional
partners, social media platforms, and business partners. We give you the name of the third parties that we share
your Personal Data with at the time of obtaining your consent. At times, through your use of an interactive feature,
a widget or an application, you may ask that we share your Personal Data with a third party and we will do so
under those circumstances in accordance with applicable law. In addition, if you choose to register for a
promotion, such as a competition, prize draw or contest, your Personal Data may be disclosed to third parties for
purposes of the administration of such promotion and in accordance with the terms of such promotion. This may
also mean that your Personal Data will be included on a winners list or best placed. If you submit user-generated
content to a site or app, this content will be disclosed publicly.
Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf. We share data with our business partners, as well as third parties
who perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting or operating our site and apps, sending emails, performing
marketing and advertising services, and carrying out data analysis. Where you make a purchase on one of our
sites or apps, we will share your Personal Data with third parties to process your card payment and deliver your
order.
Affiliate Sharing. We share your Personal Data with other SPE entities which are involved when we process data
for the purposes listed above. We may also share your Personal Data with other Sony_group companies for
analytics purposes, account authentication, account management, and for direct marketing purposes in
accordance with applicable law. The entity responsible for management of Personal Data shared pursuant to this
section is listed here.
Business Reorganization. SPE or any of its assets, including the Content, may be sold, or other transactions may
occur in which your Personal Data may be considered one of the business assets of the transaction. In this case,
your Personal Data may be transferred to the purchaser or prospective purchaser to the extent permitted by law,
either as part of the transaction or during any due diligence process.
Mandatory Disclosures and Legal Protections. We may share information with government and law enforcement
authorities and with other parties involved in, or contemplating, legal proceedings to comply with a legal
obligation, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, to verify or enforce our Terms of Use posted in
association with this Policy or where this is necessary for us or for third parties to protect our or their rights,
property, safety, or security.

---

INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Our Content is hosted and operated by us or our service providers in the United States and other countries. As such,
your Personal Data will be transferred to and processed in the United States and other countries that may not provide
the same level of data protection as your home country. For a list of countries where your Personal Data may be
transferred please see here. We provide appropriate protections for international transfers as required by law for
international data transfers. With respect to transfers originating from a country or a region such as the United
Kingdom or the European Economic Area ("EEA"), and if the transfer is not to a country which is the subject of an
adequacy decision or adequacy regulation (or equivalent), we implement appropriate solutions to address cross-
border transfers as required by applicable law such as, with relation to the EEA, standard contractual clauses
approved by the European Commission; and with the UK, standard contractual clauses approved by the UK
government. Under such laws, you may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms we have in place by contacting us
as detailed here. Where your consent is required by applicable law for the international transfer of Personal Data, by
using the Content and providing us with your Personal Data, you consent to the international transfer of your Personal
Data.