(viii) Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us
and our third parties and your communication preferences.
---
We are also under legal obligations in respect of health and safety, ensuring that individuals who have
been banned do not attend events and other integrity in sport requirements. This may involve the
processing of personal data about you and the disclosure of information to the police, state
authorities and other bodies where required by law.
---
We may also use aggregate anonymised information in order to help us develop our services and may
provide such information to third parties. This information cannot identify you.
---
5 PERSONAL DATA SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out above.
• With our other group companies UEFA Events SA and UEFA Club Competitions SA for internal
reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes in line with this Privacy Policy.
• With external third parties who perform functions on our behalf and who also provide services to us,
i.e. professional advisors, technology providers and hosting companies; advertising companies and
exchanges; analytics companies; payment providers; fraud and credit checking companies. These
third parties comply with similar and equally stringent undertakings of privacy and confidentiality.
• With external third-party data services; who help up to segment and understand our audience by
providing additional information.
• With external third-party platforms and advertisers (such as Facebook or Google) to help us identify
customers similar to our audience or to serve relevant adverts and content to you on third party
websites. The information shared with these advertisers is pseudonymised to protect your personal
data.
• With external third parties who are independent data controllers such as UEFA Member
Associations, football clubs that participate in UEFA events and activities and venues used for UEFA
events and activities.
• With police and state authorities in particular to carry out security or administrative controls in
relation to venues or events You have requested access to.
• With external third parties, where UEFA finds that it is necessary, as determined in UEFA's sole
discretion, to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any persons, violations of
contractual obligations or as otherwise required by law.
• Certain third parties pursuant to court orders or warrants.
• To third parties where you give us express permission to share your personal data in the course of
your relationship with us from time to time.
UEFA will not sell, rent or transfer your personal data to third parties without your consent and for
reasons other consistent with the purpose for which the data were originally collected or for other
purposes authorized by law.
---
6 TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data is generally stored within the EEA but in limited circumstances may be transferred
to suppliers located in the US or within UEFA member associations' territories that are not within the
EEA. Where UEFA transfer your personal data from within the EEA to a country outside the EEA, we
ensure adequate security measures are in place to offer equivalent protection as your personal data
would receive within the EEA and in compliance with applicable data protection law. We have in place
EU Model Contractual Clauses as an adequate safeguard for transfers outside the EEA. For further
details on how we safeguard your personal data transferred outside the EEA (including how to obtain
a copy of such safeguards) contact us using the details set out in Section 14 below.
---
Rights
What does this mean?
Your right to object to processing
You have the right to object to the use of your
data for marketing or for any further use under
the grounds of legitimate interests (i.e. profiling
or data matching) by emailing UEFA using the
details set out below.
---
10 PROFILING
We may use the personal data you provide to us via UEFA Platforms, alone or in combination with
personal data you have provided to our advertising partners to better understand your interests so we
can try to predict what other products, services and information you might be most interested in. We
call this profiling. Profiling enables us to tailor our communications (both directly from us and via our
advertisers) and those of our third parties to make them more relevant and interesting for you.
If you do not want us to do this you may opt-out here http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, or
http://www.aboutads.info/ or, for EU users only here: http://youronlinechoices.eu/.
Additionally, you may also opt-out of interest-based advertising by accessing the settings pages of
our external advertisers:
• Facebook
• Instagram
• X
• Google