This Privacy Policy explains how eSound Music ("eSound", "we" or "us") collects, uses, and
discloses information about you when you access or use our websites, mobile application, and
other online products and services (collectively, the "Services"), and when you contact our
customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
---
Sharing of Information
We share information about you as follows and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With companies and contractors that perform services for us, including email service providers,
payment processors, fraud prevention vendors and other service providers;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or
required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to
meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe you
have violated the law, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of eSound or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or
acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among eSound and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and
other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent or at your direction. For instance, you may choose to share actions you take
on our Services with third-party social media services via the integrated tools we provide via our
Services.
---
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the
web and in mobile applications. These entities use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and
other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and
online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network
information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion
information. This information may be used by eSound and others to, among other things, analyze
and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content
targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and online services, and better
understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of
having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices. If you are in the EU, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu/. Your
device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads”
or "Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain
information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.
---
Information for California Residents
This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (or
“CCPA”). In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information:
identifiers (such as name, contact information and device identifiers), internet or other electronic
network activity information (such as browsing behavior), approximate geolocation data,
inferences (such as approximate location or product interests) and other personal information
(such as payment method information, user credentials).
For more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources,
please see the “Collection of Information” section above.
We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “Use of
Information" section above. We share this information with the categories of third parties
described in the “Sharing of Information” section above.
Subject to certain limitations and exceptions, the CCPA provides California consumers the right
to request to know more details about the categories and specific pieces of personal information,
to delete their personal information, to opt out of any “sales” that may be occurring, and to not
be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
We do not "sell” the personal information we collect (and will not sell it in the future without
providing a right to opt out).
California consumers may make a rights request by emailing us at support@esound.app We will
verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file
about you. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their
behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also
still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.