Protecting your privacy is important to Perfect365, Inc. (“Perfect365,” “us,” “our,” or “we”). This Privacy Policy
contains important information on how and why we collect, store, use, and share your personal information
or personal data (used interchangeably in this Privacy Policy). It also explains your rights in relation to your
personal information and how to contact us or supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.

---

Please read this Privacy Policy before using the Perfect365 family of websites, mobile products, and services.
BY USING ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR COMMUNICATING WITH US, YOU CONSENT TO THE
COLLECTION, TRANSFER, PROCESS, STORAGE, DISCLOSURE, AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED
IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS, PLEASE DO NOT USE AN USE OUR PRODUCTS OR
SERVICES.

---

1. SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy explains our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect,
how we intend to use and share that information, and how you can opt-out of a use or correct or change
such information. This Policy applies to information we may collect from you or that you may provide when
you visit any of our mobile products or services, including but not limited to the mobile applications,
Perfect365, Perfect365 Video, Perfect365 Studio, and Perfect365 SoREAL AI (each, an “Application” and
collectively the “Applications”), the website perfect365.com and any other websites and subdomains
provided by us on which a link to this Policy is displayed (the “Website”), or when you communicate with us
through a "@perfect365.com” email address or otherwise provide us with information, including through a
third party on your behalf (the “Communications”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining,
protecting, and disclosing that information (Applications, Website, and Communications, collectively, the
“Services”). This Policy does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any
application or content (including advertising), that may link to or be accessible from or through the Services.

---

•
Payment Information. If you complete an in-app purchase through an Application using either a
traditional payment method or virtual currency, we or our third-party payment or virtual currency
processors collect information necessary to process and facilitate your transactions, including:
• The date, time, and amount of a transaction
• For traditional payment transactions, payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
• For virtual currency transactions, information identifying your account information and the account you
are transacting with, your public wallet address, your account balance, your transaction history,
blockchain transaction identifiers (e.g., the transaction hash), and the public wallet address of payers
and payees. You should be aware that when you earn and spend using virtual currency, your blockchain
transactions will be publicly visible to anyone who has access to the blockchain.

---

• Analytics Information. We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for
the Applications. These tools collect information sent by your device to our Application, including the
content and ads that you view or click, and other information that assists us in improving the
Applications. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other users
so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual user.

---

•
Location Information. Upon your consent, we may collect different types of information about your
general location (e.g., IP address, zip code) or more specific location information (e.g., precise location
from your mobile GPS) through methods such as mobile software development kits (“SDK”) that allow
us to periodically determine your location, including your location relative to and within third party
merchant locations, and share such information with third parties, for purposes related to advertising
(e.g. customized ads in an Application), analytics, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), and
research. You may prevent location information from being collected by this or other apps, through your
device settings (but this may affect the functionality of certain Application features). We may collect
this information when you use the Applications or when any Application runs in the background on your
device.

---

•
Cookies and Similar Technologies. When you use the Applications, we allow third-party companies to
collect certain information. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels, or other similar technologies to
collect and use non-personally identifiable information in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising
practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising
Alliance at https://www.aboutads.info and Networking Advertising Initiative at
networkadvertising.org/choices/. You can also control the use of cookies on your device at any time by
changing your preferences or options in your browser settings. Each browser provides different
mechanisms for managing cookies. You can usually find these settings in the “Options” or “Preferences”
menu of your browser; otherwise, look at your browser's help menu to determine the best way to modify
your browser's cookie storage. You can also block, disable, or delete the cookies that are stored on your
device. However, blocking, disabling, or deleting cookies may limit your ability to view all the pages in
the Applications.

---

•
To allow other users to contact you through the Applications (as further described below)

---

•
To administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional
activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our third-party business partners

---

4. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
Perfect365 treats your personal information with care. We only pass personal information to our affiliates
and third parties to the extent described here and within the scope of the purpose limitation under
applicable data protection law.
Third-Party Service Providers
We use a variety of third-party service providers to help us provide the Services, including business analytics,
marketing, payment processing, IT, artificial intelligence, and virtual currency providers. These providers have
limited access to your information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually obligated to
use it consistent with this Privacy Policy.
For the SoREAL Al Application, we use neural network model Stable Diffusion powered by Stability.ai for the
Perfect365 SoReal Al app that allows you to generate personalized SoREAL Al avatars. While we make best
efforts to moderate the settings of the Perfect365 SoREAL Al app, it is still possible that you may encounter
content that you or others may view as offensive or inappropriate. Please contact us at
support@perfect365.com if you find any content to be offensive and/or inappropriate to you, and we will
take action to assist in training the algorithm better. However, you acknowledge that your use of the SoReal
Al app is at your own risk and that we disclaim any responsibility for the images generated by the Perfect365
SoReal Al app. For any and all important questions about Stable Diffusion, you can visit the Stability.ai
website.
We have also integrated the consent management tool, “Consent Manager” (www.consentmanager.net) from
Consent Manager AB (Håltgelvågen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden, mail@consentmanager.net), in our Services
to obtain consent for data processing and use of cookies or comparable functions. With the help of Consent
Manager, you can provide your consent for certain functionalities of our Services, e.g. for the purpose of
integrating external elements, integrating streaming content, statistical analysis, measurement and
personalized advertising, and can grant or reject your consent for all functions or give your consent for
individual purposes or individual functions. The settings you have made can also be changed afterwards.
The purpose of integrating Consent Manager is to let users of our Services make decisions about their
information and, as part of the further use of our Services, to offer the option of changing settings that have
already been made. By using Consent Manager, personal data and information from the end devices used,
such as the IP address, are processed by Consent Manager. In addition, the processed information may also
be stored on your device.

---

Third-Party Advertisers, Advertising Network, Agencies, Marketers, Cybersecurity Partners
We may share or disclose aggregated, usage information, geolocation information and/or device-level
information (such as anonymous usage data, platform types, number of clicks, location data etc.) with
unaffiliated partners and third parties (e.g. advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, other
marketers, retailers, cybersecurity partners) that wish to market products or services to you, in order to
improve connectivity and application experiences on wireless networks, or for cybersecurity purposes. You
can control or disable the use of location services for the Services in the device's settings menu. See Section
6 (Your Choices About Your Information) of this Privacy Policy for further instructions.
Additional privacy terms from select partners can be found here.

---

Other Users
Any information that you provide to other users, including beauty professionals, via the Services, are shared
and disclosed to such other users. By sending your information to other users, you acknowledge and agree
that they may contact you via the applicable Application.

---

Business Transfers and Affiliates
We may share your information with companies or organizations connected or affiliated with Perfect365. We
may also transfer your information to an affiliate, a subsidiary or a third party in the event of any
reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of
Perfect365's business, assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or
similar proceeding.

---

Legal Disclosures
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your
information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or
governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to
protect our or our users' rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any
legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's, including a government's, request to
disclose your information.

---

5. INFORMATION SOLD OR DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE
During the last twelve (12) months, Perfect365 has sold or disclosed personal information, including some or
all of the categories of information described in Section 2 (Information We Collect), to third parties for
business and commercial purposes. More specifically, Perfect365 has sold or disclosed the above-described
personal information with third parties as described in Section 4 (Information Sharing and Disclosure to
Third Parties), including: (a) to our business partners for enabling and improving their marketing and
advertising campaigns, from identifying potentially interested consumers to measuring the effectiveness of
the marketing and advertising campaign, including marketing and user and data analytics; (b) to our service
providers and cybersecurity business partners, for disease prevention, to improve connectivity and
application experiences on wireless networks, and for cybersecurity purposes; and (c) to our service providers

---

While we have sold or shared for a business purpose the above information in the last 12 months, you have
the right under the CCPA and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to opt-out of the
sale of your personal information. See Section 6 (Your Choices About Your Information) and Section 12
(Additional State Privacy Rights) for more information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of
your personal information, we will refrain from selling your personal information, unless you subsequently
provide express authorization for the sale of your personal information. To opt-out of the sale of your
personal information, visit the 'Settings' or 'Me' tab in each Application, click on 'Privacy', and slide the 'Do
Not Sell My Personal Information' switch off.

---

Third Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications related to the Applications are served by third-parties, including advertisers,
ad networks and servers, content providers, service providers, and application providers. These third parties
may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect
information about you when you use the Applications. The information they collect may be associated with
your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your
online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this
information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any
questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider
directly.

---

9. TRANSFERRING YOUR DATA
Perfect365 may transmit your information to its services, data centers, or service providers outside of the
United States for storage and/or processing. As such, we and our service providers may transfer your
personal data to, or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as
your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of
protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it, including through appropriate written data processing
terms and/or data transfer agreements.
By registering for and using any Application, you consent to the transfer of information to any country in
which Perfect365, its affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of
information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

---

We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Services
secure. However, Perfect365 cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to any Services or
guarantee that information on the Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. You are
responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique passwords and account information at all times. Your
privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Perfect365 make
to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other
organization.

---

11. EXTERNAL LINKS
The Services may contain links to third party sites or online services. We are not responsible for the practices
of such third parties, whose information practices are subject to their own policies and procedures, not to
this Privacy Policy.

---

As described above, Perfect365 collects various categories of personal information when you use the
Services, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device
activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A detailed description of the categories
of personal information we collect and how we use such personal information is provided above in Section 2
(Information We Collect) and Section 3 (How We Use Your Information). Section 4 (Information Sharing and
Disclosure to Third Parties) and Section 5 (Information Sold or Disclosed for a Business Purpose) describe the
categories of third parties with whom we share personal information for a business purpose. Perfect365
does not and will not use facial recognition or identification technology in providing you with any products
or services. Perfect365 does not store any Biometric Information and therefore cannot disclose or
disseminate any biometric data to any third party for any promotional purposes.

---

In the context of processing personal information of U.S. residents, certain U.S. states, including California,
Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Florida, Montana, Nebraska, Delaware, lowa, and New
Jersey, provide their residents with additional rights under consumer privacy laws based on the collection,
use and sharing of their personal information (if such laws are applicable to the data collector/processor)

---

•
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You. You have the right to request we disclose to
you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
• The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
• Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
• The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and
• The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

---

•
Disclosure of Personal Information Sold or Used for a Business Purpose. In connection with any personal
information we may sell or disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:
• The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties
to whom the personal information was sold; and
• The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.

---

• Opt-Out. You have the right under the CCPA and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as
applicable, to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of
the sale or sharing of your personal information, we will refrain from selling or sharing your personal
information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the sale of your personal
information. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, visit “Settings” in the each Application,
click on "Privacy Policy,” and slide the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” switch off.

---

•
Deletion. Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, you
have the right to request that we:
Ο
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.

---

Other States
If you are a resident of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Florida, Montana, Nebraska,
Delaware, lowa, or New Jersey, you may have the following rights (free of charge), unless an exception is
available:
• Right to know what personal data has been collected about you and to access that information
• Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
• Right to deletion of your personal data
• Right to a copy of your personal data, to the extent technically feasible, in readily usable format that
allows you to transmit the personal data to another entity
• Right to opt-out of the processing of your personal data for purposes of targeted advertising or the sale
of your personal data
• Right to not to face retaliation or be discriminated against because of any exercise of your rights under
privacy laws

---

Exercise Your Rights
You can exercise the foregoing rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@perfect365.com (see
additional contact details below). You can also opt-out of any sale of covered information collected about
you by visiting “Settings” in the applicable Application and sliding the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
switch off.

---

Transfers of Personal Data: Because of the international nature of our business, Personal Data collected and
processed by us may be shared with, accessed by, and/or stored with our corporate office, affiliates, parents,
subsidiaries and service providers, outside of the EEA and UK, including in the United States of America.
Where personal data is transferred and/or stored outside of the EEA and the UK, appropriate safeguards are
established to ensure an appropriate level of data protection outside the EEA as well. If we are transferring
your Personal Data to another country outside of the EEA or UK, we will adhere to local requirements to
implement safeguards in relation to the transfer. We may implement any mechanism that is approved under

---

the EU-US Privacy Shield; and/or implementing GDPR standard contractual clauses with the recipient.

---

• Right to data portability: The right pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR to receive the Personal Data in a structured,
commonly-used and machine-readable format, and the right to transmit such data to another
controller, if the conditions of this provision are met.

---

15. DO NOT TRACK
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding
tracking by advertisers and other third-parties. We do not currently respond to DNT signals.