We recognize the importance of the privacy of Our Users. We have laid down a policy (our
"Privacy Policy") explaining how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to
our Platform, and your choices about the collection and use of your information.

---
The information as detailed below is collected for Us to be able to provide the services chosen by
you and also to fulfill our legal obligations as well as our obligations towards third parties as per
our User Agreement.

---
2.4. Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you when you sign-
up/log-in through a third-party account (i.e., Google, Facebook, etc.). Depending on the third-
party accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such third-
party accounts, you understand that by granting us access to the public profile of your third-
party account, we will access (if applicable and as permitted by the third-party service provider
and authorized by you) information in the public profile of your third-party account so that it is
available on and through your account on the Platform.

---
3.5. We use information to look at site trends and customer interests. We may use your
information to make our Platform and Services better. For this purpose, we may combine
information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties. 3.6. We use
information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our Users, or
our Platform.

---
3.7. We use information for marketing purposes. We might send you information about special
promotions or offers via newsletters, emails or any other means. We might also tell you about
new features or products. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or
products we think you might find interesting.

---
4. SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH THIRD-PARTIES
4.1 We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Platform ("Service
Providers"), provide services on our behalf, perform Platform-related services or assist us in
analysing how our Platform is used. These Service Providers may collect your Personal Data. The
Personal Data collected by the Service Providers shall be governed by their respective privacy
policies and We are not liable with regards to such Personal Data.
4.2. We will share information with our Hotel Partners for confirming bookings/reservations on
the Platform. The Personal Data collected by the Hotel Partners shall be governed by their
respective privacy policies and We are not liable with regards to such Personal Data.
4.3. We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect
ourselves. We will share information to respond to any judicial proceeding. We may also share it
with any Public Authorities requests for such information.
4.4. We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. If we are
involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will
provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different
Privacy Policy.
4.5. We may disclose your Personal Data where we believe that such action is necessary in good
faith to:
4.5.1. To comply with a legal obligation.
4.5.2. To protect and defend our rights or property
4.5.3. To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Platform.
4.5.4. To protect the personal safety of Users of the Platform or the public.
4.5.5. To protect against legal liability.

---
The Platform's servers are accessible only to authorized personnel and your information is
shared with our employees and authorized personnel on a 'need to know' basis, to complete the
transaction and to provide the Services.
We are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties or
Service Providers that receive your Personal Data. We shall not be responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of third parties or Service Providers.

---
7. LINK TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
If you click on one of the links to third-party websites, you may be taken to websites we do not
control. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the
privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites.