We will only share your personal data with third parties in the event
that it's needed for the provision of services and data you have requested
(explained in detail in this privacy policy).

---

This privacy policy applies to personal data that we collect from you when you
visit this Website, create an account, use our applications or services ("you"
or "your" being interpreted accordingly). It provides information on what
personal data we collect, why we collect personal data, how it is used, the
lawful basis on which your personal data is processed, how it is stored, and
how we share information.

---

If you register to be a user of Essential/Plus/Premium/Expert/Ultimate
Accounts (a "Paid User"), our third party payment processor will also
process information about your payment card and bank account
information or payment account information that we require for the
purpose of recording and processing your account registration. For further
details, please refer to the point below titled "Payment information", under
the section headed, "When we share your personal information."

---

7. Analytics. When you are using our Website, mobile and desktop
applications, or widgets we provide to another site, we may collect
analytics information automatically. This information may include your
general device information, device identifiers (for example, Google
Advertising ID, if you are using an Android device, or Advertising Identifier
(IDFA), if you are using an iOS device), network information, website, and
application interaction events. We collect pseudonymous data only and
this analytic information does not include any personal identifiable
information from your profile. We use this information to analyze and
improve the work of our services and applications, and to develop, test,
and improve our service further. For this purpose we may use internal
analytic as well as third party service providers. For further details about
our use of third party service providers, please refer to the Analytics
providers section below.

---

Note that when you create an account, other users or visitors may access
your public profile and see any information you have made publicly
available about yourself.

---

• Paid Users will also receive a notification email from our payment
processor if there are any issues regarding billing their cards for auto-
renew subscriptions. Users cannot opt out of these messages, though
they can delete their account.

---

Please note that if you have requested your account to be deleted, we will
delete the subsequent personal data you have supplied us. Some data,
such as published ideas/scripts and messages sent to other users, will be
saved as they have already integrated into our system. This data must be
stored to maintain the integrity of the platform.

---

Note that search engines, as well as third parties, can keep copies of your
publicly available information once your account has been deleted. It
should also be noted that published ideas will remain on the site and
messages sent to other users cannot be deleted.

---

9. Legitimate interests. We will process your personal data as necessary for
certain legitimate business interests, which include the following:
• to share personal data among our affiliated businesses for
administrative purposes, provide subscription services, and in relation
to our sales and marketing activities, except where we require your
consent, as described above;

---

• we may anonymize, pseudonymize, aggregate and de-identify the data
that we collect and use this data for our own internal business
purposes, including sharing it with our business partners, our affiliated
businesses, agents and other third parties for commercial, statistical
and market research purposes. For example, to allow those parties to
analyse patterns among groups of people and conducting research on
demographics, interests, and behavior;

---

• to (a) comply with legal obligations, (b) respond to requests from
competent authorities; (c) enforce our Terms of Use or House Rules; (d)
protect our operations or those of any of our affiliated businesses; (e)
protect our rights, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliated
businesses, you or others; and (f) enforce or defend legal rights, or
prevent damage. This means we can store and disclose your
information to law enforcement authorities, state, or government
agencies if we establish that such disclosure is necessary to comply
with the law. This includes responses to court orders or subpoenas, as
well as other judicial or regulatory processes.

---

When would we share personal
information
We share your personal data with third parties in the following situations:
1. Service providers. TradingView, like many businesses, occasionally
engages with selected third parties who act on our behalf to support our
operations, such as (i) card processing or payment services (see the point
below headed "Payment information"), (ii) IT suppliers and contractors (i.e.
data hosting providers or delivery partners) as necessary to provide IT
support and enable us to provide subscription services and other
goods/services available on this Website or to users, (iii) web and mobile
analytics providers, (iv) providers of digital advertising services, and (v)
providers of marketing and sales software solutions. Pursuant to our
instructions, these parties may access, process or store your personal data
in the course of performing their duties to us and solely in order to perform
the services we have hired them to provide.
2. Payment information. Paid Users must provide payment information
(name, postal address, payment card information or payment account
information). This information is used for billing purposes only and is
processed by our payment processors. When you are making a payment,
we do not have access to your payment card information. Should we have
any issues with processing an order, the email address you have provided
will be used to contact you. For more information on what type of
information is collected by our payment processors, please view their
privacy policies:
• Braintree Privacy Statement
• Coinbase Commerce Privacy Policy
• Razorpay Privacy Policy
• Apple Privacy Policy

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• Google Privacy Policy
• Triple-A Terms and Conditions
• dLocal Privacy Policy
3. Third-party content providers. When you buy market data from ICE or
other stock exchanges, we give them your contact details (name, phone
number, address and email) and you sign the agreement. This data is also
processed by ICE or other stock exchanges in order to provide you with
access to the exchanges.
4. TradingView affiliated businesses. In order to provide the services you
request from us, our affiliated businesses may access and process the
information which we collect from you for the purposes described above,
including offering products and services to you. Our affiliated businesses
will only use your data for the purposes for which we originally collected
said data.
5. Analytics providers. We may use third-party service providers to monitor
and analyze the use of our services and mobile/desktop applications. We
use this information to analyze and improve the work of our services and
mobile applications.
We may use Google Analytics as a web analytics service on the Website,
mobile apps and in conjunction with the widgets we provide. For more
information on Google Analytics privacy practices, you can check here.
Analytics services for mobile and desktop applications that we may use:
1. Firebase - a development and analytics platform provided by Google.
For more information on what type of information is collected, please
visit the Firebase web page.
2. Flurry Analytics - provides us with tools and resources for
understanding our mobile application users' behavior. For more
information on the handling of user data on Flurry Analytics, please see
their Privacy Policy.
3. Visual Studio App Center — owned by Microsoft. Their applicable data
protection provisions can be reviewed under the Microsoft Privacy
Statement.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

4. AppsFlyer - analytics services to measure and analyze the
effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns, as well as
certain events and actions in the application. For more information on
how AppsFlyer works and what data it collects, please see AppsFlyer
Services Privacy Policy.
5. Sentry - is an error tracking and performance monitoring platform that
helps us diagnose, fix, and optimize the performance of our platform.
For more information on what data collected by Sentry, please see
Sentry Privacy Policy.
6. Business transfers. If we sell our business or our company assets are
acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about our general
account users, subscription account users or customers may be one of the
transferred assets.
7. Administrative and legal reasons. If we need to disclose your personal
data (i) to comply with a legal obligation and/or judicial or regulatory
proceedings, a court order or other legal process, (ii) to enforce our Terms
of Use, House Rules or other applicable contract terms that you are
subject to, or (iii) to protect us or our contractors against loss or damage.
This may include, but is not limited to, exchanging information with the
police, courts or law enforcement organisations.
8. Advertising. We display advertising on the Website and may use
remarketing and tracking features. Remarketing features allow us to
display advertising in a more targeted manner in order to present
advertisements of interest to users, based on their activity on other
websites. Tracking features allow us to collect information about
impressions, ad clicks and certain actions that users complete through our
Website. This data also helps us evaluate the performance of ad
campaigns. Note that we collect pseudonymous data only. We may use the
following services for advertising, remarketing, and tracking purposes:
• Google Ad Manager and Google Ads - they help us serve and measure
the success of ads on our site. For more information about how Google
uses data, please refer to their Privacy & Terms document as well as
Google's Privacy Policy. You can opt out of this by visiting the Network

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Advertising Initiative opt-out page or by turning off the personalization
of Google ads via their Ad Settings page.
• Meta pixel - allows us to measure, optimise, and build audiences for
our advertising campaigns. You can learn more about Meta's data
policy here. You can manage your personal settings for advertisements
on Facebook at Your Ad Preferences. In case you don't have a
Facebook account, you can use Your Online Choices website or DAA's
WebChoices Tool to manage your ad experience.
• X (formerly Twitter) Conversion Tracking (X Pixel) — helps us to
measure our return on ad expenditure. For more information about X
(formerly Twitter) data processing, please see their Privacy policy. You
can adjust the settings in your personal X (formerly Twitter) profile and
opt to receive advertising. In case you don't have a X (formerly Twitter)
account, you can use Your Online Choices website or DAA's
WebChoices Tool to manage your ad experience.
Note that we do not share any personal information with our advertisers.
They can only access general statistics that include the amount of
impressions their ads have generated as well as clicks.
9. Google reCAPTCHA. We use reCAPTCHA to check whether data has
been entered by a person or by an automated program. We use this
service to protect our services from spam, fraud and abuse. reCAPTCHA
analyses the behavior of the visitor using various characteristics and
evaluates various information for analysis purposes (e.g. IP address, visit
duration, or the user's mouse clicks). This analysis begins automatically, as
soon as the website visitor accesses the website, and runs in the
background. Visitors are not informed that an analysis is being performed.
The data recorded during analysis is forwarded to Google. More
information on Google reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy can be
found under the following links: Google's Privacy Policy and What is
reCAPTCHA?.
10. YouTube API services. We use the YouTube API to share your chosen
video ideas to your YouTube account. When you use this service, you will
need to sign in with your Google account and grant us permission to
access your YouTube account. We will only use this access to upload

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

videos that you choose to share with us. We will not store, modify, delete,
or view any other data from your YouTube account. We will also not share
your Google account information with any third parties. You can revoke our
access to your YouTube account at any time by visiting Google security
settings page. By using this service you are agreeing to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service.

---

Public information on our site
1. Public profile. When you create your profile on our Service, other users or
visitors may access your public profile and see any information you have
made available about yourself. When browsing for trading ideas, they will
only be able to view your market information (i.e. published ideas and
scripts, markets allocation, top mentioned Symbols, etc.), social
information (i.e. followers and following lists along with the ideas that you
follow and comment on), contact information (i.e. your About section,
avatar, links to your social media accounts, website, etc.), your community
status (i.e. Moderator or Pro badges, statistical information such as
reputation points, views, likes, followers, registration date, as well your last
visit date). Your email address, however, will not be visible (unless you
choose to make it visible).
2. Public content. Our Service allows those with a registered user account to
share their charts with indicators and comments, their ideas, scripts, and
other content with the rest of the internet via our publish features.
By using public publishing features, you grant us an irrevocable, perpetual,
and royalty-free license to publish and disclose the content, as well as the
username of the author, which makes you identifiable.
You can also publish your content as "private". This means that it will not
be displayed in your profile or your lists of ideas, scripts, etc., nor will it be
indexed by search engines. However, users who have a direct link to your
content will be able to view it. Note that you will control over who/which
users have access to a link.

---

3. Chats and private messages. When you communicate with other users in
public and private chats, we store and process your messages and any
related information. We check links to make sure there is no malicious
software or content as well as to detect spam and prohibited images/text.
When you use private messages to communicate, please keep in mind that
the recipients have a copy of your correspondence as well. This will
continue to be the case even if you delete such correspondence from your
account. Recipients can copy, store and/or reshare these messages. Be
constantly vigilant of this.

---

Security of personal data
We use technical and organizational safeguards to protect your personal data
and require third parties with whom we work to do the same.

---

We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption technology in order to
protect certain information that you submit to us. This technology protects
you from having your information intercepted by anyone while it is being
transmitted to TradingView or payment processor. While on a secure page,
such as our order form, the "lock" icon in the browser window is displayed,
confirming that a secure and encrypted connection has been established with
the Website. We work hard to ensure that our Service is secure and that we
meet industry standards. We also use other safeguards, such as firewalls,
authentication systems (i.e. passwords, and personal identification numbers),
and access control mechanisms to control unauthorized access to systems
and data. If you have chosen to create an account, you are responsible for
doing everything you reasonably can to keep your access details secret. You
must not share these details with anyone else.

---

2. Restricting the processing of personal data. You may ask us to restrict or
'block' the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, for
example, if you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing
it. We will notify you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we share
your personal data with others, we will notify them of the restriction
wherever possible. If prompted, and if it is possible and lawful to do so, we
will also notify you with whom we have shared or will share your personal
data so you can contact them directly.

---

5. Viewing and correcting data. You have the right to have inaccurate
personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete. To do so, each user
can view, manage, and/or update their personal data in the Settings.
If we share your personal data with others, we will notify them of any
corrections made whenever possible. If prompted, and where possible and
lawful to do so, we will also notify you with whom we have shared your
personal data so you can contact them directly if need be.

---

6. Deleting data. You have the right to refuse to use our Services and may
ask us to delete or remove your personal data in certain circumstances. If
we share your data with others, we will notify them of the edits wherever
possible. If prompted, and wherever possible and lawful to do so, we will
also notify you with whom we have shared your personal data so you can
contact them directly if need be.

---

International data transfers
TradingView Inc. is based in the United States and United Kingdom. The
information collected through Services will be stored on servers located in the
United States, European Union, and other destinations (including outside the
EEA), to our service providers and affiliated businesses for the purposes
described above. This is necessary to enable you to navigate and use our
Services. The data may be transmitted to our service providers and affiliates
supporting our business operations (described above).
Note that the countries concerned may not provide the same legal standards
for protection of your personal data that you have in the EEA. If we transfer
your personal data to countries outside of your country, we will take the

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

necessary steps to ensure your information receives an adequate level of
security protection where it is processed and that your rights continue to be
protected.

---

Specific rights for users in California
If you are an eligible California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act
("CCPA") provides you with specific rights with respect to our collection and
use of your personal information. You have the following rights under the
CCPA:
• Right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our
collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
The list of categories of personal information collected and disclosed
about consumers are enlisted in the section 'Personal data that we collect'
and the list of categories of third parties to whom the personal information
may be disclosed are enlisted in the section 'When would we share
personal information'. Please contact us to exercise a data portability
request. Separately, we do not sell your personal information.