This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. This
Privacy Policy governs your use of the software application File Manager Plus ("Application") for mobile devices that
was created by AlphaInventor, Inc.. The Application is the file explorer that helps you manage your files and folders in
your device, NAS(Network-attached storage) and cloud storages like Dropbox and Google Drive.
---
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may share your information with third parties only in the
ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
1. as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
2. when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety
of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
3. with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information
we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
4. if AlphaInventor, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified
via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as
well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
5. to analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and
duration of usage. (You can view analytics company whom we work with in Appendix 1.)
6. to advertisers and third party advertising networks in the section below.
---
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising
provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks
use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of
your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an
encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can't identify you personally. These third parties may
also obtain anonymous information about other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile
websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location
information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and
elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to
append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Request the transfer of your personal information. We will provide to you your Information in a structured, commonly
used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially
provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
---
In the preceding 12 months, we may have used and disclosed personal information for the business and commercial
purposes.
---
Request to know the categories of personal information we have collected about you and the purposes for doing so;
the categories of sources of that data; the categories of third parties with whom we shared it for a business purpose
and our purposes for doing so.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Opt out of sales of personal information. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you can exercise your
choice by using your settings.
---
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this
information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate,
develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for
information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
---
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy
now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or
touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and
disclosing information.
---
Appendix 1. Third party service provider