Automatic collection. We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information
about you, your computer or mobile device, and your activity over time on the Sites and other online services,
including:

---
Cookies, which are small text files that websites store a visitor's device to uniquely identify the visitor's
browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of tracking user activity and
patterns, helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally
improving your browsing experience. Cookies used on our sites include both “session cookies” that are
deleted when a session ends, “persistent cookies” that remain longer, “first party” cookies that we place,
and "third party” cookies that our third-party business partners and service providers place

---
• Software development kits, or SDKs, which are used to incorporate third party computer code into our
App that allows the third party to collect data directly from it for a
variety of purposes, including t use of the App, to integrate with
social media, add features or f ne advertising.

---
• facilitate your authentication to the Service by logging into a third party platform, such as Facebook or
Google;

---
• facilitate your invitations to friends who you refer to the Service;

---
• facilitate social features of the Service, such as by identifying and suggesting connections with other
users of the Service and providing chat or messaging functionality;

---
Research and development. We may use your personal information for research and development purposes,
including to analyze and improve the Service and our business and to develop new products and services. As
part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified or other anonymous data from personal
information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that
makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this aggregated, de-identified or otherwise
anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and
improve the Service and promote our business.

---
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers, and our third party advertising partners may collect and
use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes:

• Direct marketing. We may send you HelloFresh-related or other direct marketing communications as
permitted by law, including text messages that you may opt to receive from us that may include
information about promotional offers and more. These messages may use information automatically
collected based on your actions while on our Site or App and may prompt messaging such as cart
reminders. If you opt to have SMS notifications sent to your mobile phone, we receive and store the
information you provide, including your telephone number or when you read a text message. You may opt-
out of our marketing communi rketing section below. For more
information about text messag
• Interest-based advertising. W g companies and social media
companies to display ads on o ies may use cookies and similar
technologies to try to tailor the d on your activity over time across
our Service and other sites, or Is are known as "interest-based
advertisements." You can learr rest-based advertising, in the
Advertising choices section be

---
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:

• comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas,
investigations, or requests from government authorities.
•
protect our, your or others' rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal
claims);

---
• Advertising. To help our third-party advertising partners collect information about how you use the Service
and other online services over time, which they use to show you ads on other online services they believe
will interest you and measure how the ads perform.

---
• Analytics. To help us understand user activity on the Service, including which pages are most and least
visited and how visitors move around the Service, as well as user interactions with our emails. For
example, we use Google Analytics for this purpose. You can learn more about Google Analytics and how to
prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our sites here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

---
With your consent In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your
personal information, such as wher

---
[SECTION: How we share your personal information]
How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy
Policy, in applicable notices, or at the time of collection:

Affiliates. Our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.

Service providers. Unrelated companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate
the Service or our business (such as customer support, hosting, payment processing, analytics, email delivery,
marketing, and database management services). These third parties may use your personal information only
as authorized under our contracts with them.

Partners. Third party partners who offer products and services that may be of interest to you. We may
sometimes share your personal information with partners or enable partners to collect information directly via
our Service, including when you have indicated your interest in certain products or services.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Advertising partners. Third party advertising companies that collect information about your activity on the Site
and other online services to help us advertise our and other services, and/or use hashed customer lists that we
share with them to deliver ads on their platforms to our customers and similar users (“Custom Audience
Campaigns").

Third party platforms. Social media platforms or other third party platforms that you connect to the Service
and where you authorize us to share your information with them (such as when you use options to access the
Service by logging into the third party platform).

Other users. Other users of the Service or the public when you choose to make your profile or other personal
information available to them through the Service, such as when you provide comments, reviews, survey
responses, or other content. We do not control how other users or third parties use any personal information
that you make available to such users or the public. Please be aware that any information you post publicly can
be cached, copied, screen captured or stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines) before you have a
chance to edit or remove it.

Professional advisors. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where
necessary in the course of the prof

Authorities and others. Law enforc te parties, when we believe in
good faith it is necessary or approf purposes described above

Business transferees. Relevant pa ential transactions) involving a
corporate divestiture, merger, cons or other disposition of all or any
portion of the business or assets o affiliates (including, in connection
with a bankruptcy or similar procee

For other purposes. We may also s purposes described in this Privacy
Policy or with your consent.

All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be
shared with any third parties.

---
[SECTION: Your Choices]
Disclosure of your information for third party marketing. If you do not want us to share your personal
information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by sending
us an email stating your request to privacy@hellofresh.com or calling toll free 1-844-242-2169.

---
Advertising choices. You may opt-out of receiving targeted online advertising on websites through members
of the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices or the Digital Advertising
Alliance at http://www.aboutads.inf argeted advertising in mobile apps
through participating members of t Choices mobile app, available at
https://www.youradchoices.com/a work with companies that offer
their own opt-out mechanisms and nisms linked above. In addition,
your mobile device settings may pr rtising ID associated with your
mobile device for targeted online a out of targeted online
advertisements, you will still see ac relevant to you. Not all companies
participate in these opt-out prograr you may still receive some
cookies and interest-based from ot

---
Third party platforms. If you choose to connect to the Service through your social media account or another
third party platform, you may be able to use your settings in your account with that platform to limit the
information we receive from it. If you revoke our ability to access information from a third party platform, that
choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party.

---
[SECTION: Other sites and services]
Other sites and services
The Service may contain links to websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third
parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not
associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are
affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or other online services
that are not associated with us. We do not control websites, mobile applications, or other online services
operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and online services
follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you
to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications, and online services you use.

---
[SECTION: International data transfers]
International data transfers
We are headquartered in the United States and may use service providers in other countries. Your personal
information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as
protective as those in your state, province, or country.

---
[SECTION: State Law Privacy Rights]
• The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
• Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of
Personal Information received
• Whether we have sold your Pe es of Personal Information sold to
each category of third- party re
• Opt-out of the “sharing” of Personal Information (i.e., tracking for targeted advertising purposes). You
can opt-out of certain tracking activities for targeted advertising (also known as interest-based
advertising) purposes.
• Opt-out of the "sale" of Personal Information. You may ask us not to “sell” Personal Information we have
collected about you to third parties now or in the future. The right to opt-out of “sales” is separate from
opting-out of our direct communications with you for marketing purposes.
• Opt-in If we know that you are 13-15 years of age, we will ask for your affirmative authorization to “sell”
your Personal Information or “share” your Personal Information for targeted advertising purposes before
we do so.

---
• Right to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of your Personal Information. While we do not sell Personal
Information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you.
Our use of some of these services may be classified under California law as a “sale” or “share” of your
Personal Information to the co se they collect information from
our users (e.g., device data an ads more likely to interest you. You
can request to opt-out of this o Not Sell My Personal
Information. Your request to o ne device from which you submit
the request. You can also broa opt-out for each participating
browser system that you use. I website. We do not have actual
knowledge that we have sold c fornia residents who are under 16
years of age.

---
Personal information that we collect, use and disclose
The chart below summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of "personal
information" specified in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140) and describes our practices currently and during
the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. The terms in the chart refers to the
categories of information, statutory categories, and third parties described above in this Privacy Policy in more
detail. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories
of personal information not described below. The categories of sources from which the personal information is
or was collected and the business or commercial purposes for collecting such information are as described in
the "Personal information we collect” and “How we use your personal information” sections above.

---
| Personal Information ("PI") we collect | CCPA statutory category | Categories of third parties to whom we disclose Pl for a business purpose | Categories of third parties with whom we "share" PI |
|---|---|---|---|
| Contact data | Identifiers (online) Identifiers (other) Commercial Information California Consumer Records | Affiliates Service providers Partners Advertising partners Professional advisors Authorities and others Business transferees | Advertising Partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Profile data | Identifiers (online) Identifiers (other) Commercial Information California Consumer Records | Affiliates Service providers Partners Advertising partners Professional advisors Authorities and others Business transferees | Advertising Partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Communications data | Identifiers (online) Identifiers (other) Commercia California Internet or Information | Affiliates Service providers | Advertising Partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Marketing data | Identifiers Identifiers California Commercia Internet or Information | | Advertising Partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Content data | Sensory int California customer records | Service providers Professional advisors Authorities and others Business transferees | None |
| Payment and transactional data | Commercial information Financial information California consumer records | Affiliates Service providers Professional advisors Authorities and others Business transferees | None |
| Device data | Identifiers (other) Internet or Network Information Inferences | Affiliates Service providers Authorities and others Business transferees | Advertising Partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Online activity data | Identifiers (other) Commercial Information Internet or Network Information Inferences | Affiliates Service providers Partners Advertising partners Professional advisors Authorities and others Business transferees | Advertising Partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Precise geolocation data | Geolocation data | Affiliates Service providers | Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Communication interaction data | Identifiers (c Identifiers (c Commercial California co Internet or M Information | | Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising) |
| Data derived from the above | Inference | Business and marketing partners Affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Authorities and others Business transferees | Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising) |