• Some of our selected partners might log your actual IP
details. Said selected partners apply the same privacy and
confidentiality provisions as we do;
---
• We process your snips (screen clippings) securely on our
servers to enhance functionality, but do not store or retain
them beyond necessary analysis. A limited portion of
anonymized, non-personalized data never linked to
individual users may be shared with trusted third parties.
---
Data collected by Aloha Browser
None of your personal information is needed to download and
use our products and/or services. When you download and/or
use our products and/or website and/or services, we receive
some standard information that web browsers typically make
available such as: browser type, language preferences, referring
site and date and time of each visitor request. This information is
collected to give us a better understanding of how you use our
products and/or services. We might – from time to time – process
some information for statistical purposes, such as compiling and
publishing a report about our website usage trends.
---
From time to time, we might launch some surveys. If you choose
to participate in one of our surveys, we will then collect some
additional information about you, such as your email. For
information voluntarily provided in surveys, we sometimes use
additional vendors for processing, though their access to
personal information is contractually limited to what is necessary
to perform their services.
---
Please keep in mind that certain third-party websites (i.e., search
engines, and service providers with whom Aloha Browser
partners from time to time) that you might access via our browser
and even with the VPN feature enabled might log your actual IP.
Additionally, some of our select partners (i.e., search engines,
and service providers with whom Aloha Browser partners from
time to time) might also log your actual IP details. We have
ensured that these selected partners apply the same privacy
and confidentiality provisions as we do. Find out more by
consulting our Cookies Policy.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Use of collected data
In general, personal data provided to us is used to respond to
user feedback and/or requests or to help us improve customer
service. Personal data may be used in the following ways:
7. To provide your information to third parties if we will be
obligated to do so by rule of law;
8. To publish your testimony on our website, we might collect
your first name, in case you provide it for this purpose.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Service providers
Your personal information (name, contact information, e-mail
address) might be shared with third-party service providers that
carry out some services (providing support, performing data
analysis, provision and support of site functionality and features)
for us. Under the terms of their engagement, these service
providers are not allowed to share or use your information for
any purpose other than providing services to us.
We clarify that the personal information collected is accessible
only to those who need to know it to carry out relevant activities,
respecting the purpose for which it was provided. Some of the
service providers mentioned above may be located abroad and,
in this case, Aloha Browser adopts additional safeguards to
guarantee an adequate level of protection of personal data, in
accordance with the provisions of the relevant legislation.
---
Other situations where disclosure might
happen:
• In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a
court order, or a request for cooperation from law
enforcement or other government agency; to establish or
exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as
otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or
waive any legal objection or right available to us. We reserve
the right, but do not undertake a duty, to notify you of court
orders, subpoenas or other legal process if allowed.
• Upon court decision or request by government oversight
bodies;
• Data transferred to public bodies to comply with current
legislation;
• When we consider disclosure to be the suitable course of
action in connection with efforts to investigate or prevent
illegal activities, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing as well
as to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our
organization, our users, our employees, or others and to
comply with applicable law or cooperate with law
enforcement agencies, or to enforce our terms and conditions
or other agreements or policies.
• In the event of a considerable business transaction, such as
the sale of our business or part therefor, a divestiture, merger,
consolidation, reorganization, or asset sale, or in the unlikely
event of bankruptcy, including to prospective or actual
purchasers in connection with any of these transactions.
• We might share gathered but non-personally identifiable
information (anonymized data) publicly so as to show trends
about the general use of our services.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Third countries data transfer
Related, there are scenarios where we may transfer this limited
personal information (for example, your email address) to
countries other than the country in which it was received. For
example, we have servers across the world and while your
device will typically try to automatically connect to regional
servers (e.g., European servers in Europe, U.S. servers in the U.S.),
you could be using a VPN from another country. Additionally,
Aloha Browser team members are also distributed worldwide,
and while we have robust security and access controls in place,
authorized team members access Aloha Browser servers as
necessary to operate our services. In such scenarios, if any
cross-border transfers are necessary, we will follow applicable
legal requirements.
---
1. Legitimate interest: when necessary to satisfy the legitimate
interests of Aloha or third parties;
---
Social media
Aloha Browser also uses social media to communicate and
interact with its customers and consumers, through third-party
websites such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Reddit. These
third-party websites are Internet-based technology that is not
operated or controlled by Aloha Browser.
By interacting with, sharing or “Liking” the Aloha Browser page
on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Reddit or other social media, you
may disclose certain personal information to Aloha Browser or
third parties. We use "social buttons" to allow our users to share
or bookmark web pages. These are buttons on third-party social
media sites that may record information about your activities on
the Internet, including this site. Please review the respective terms
of use and privacy policies of these platforms to understand
exactly how they use your information, as well as how to opt out
or delete such information.
The amount of personal information visible will depend on your
own privacy settings on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Reddit and
other social media.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Search function
The Aloha Browser has a built-in function for web searches which
allows you to customize the search engine used in the browser
address bar (Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo, Yahoo, YouTube,
Wikipedia, Aloha Find, and more) to perform the search. You can
always change your default provider in the settings menu. The
amount of information which is processed is your IP and the
search query which is transmitted to the search engine of your
choice with an HTTP request. Just like any other third-party
website you might access, use of any search engine is subject to
the terms of service and privacy policy offered by the specific
search engine provider. For information on the web search
services data collection, please visit the search provider's privacy
policy.
---
Rights of Data Subjects
Data subjects have certain rights regarding their personal data
and can exercise them via email to dpo@alohabrowser.com. The
rights of the data subjects are:
• Request for information about the shared use of personal
data;
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is not applicable to services offered by other
companies and/or organizations and/or individuals, including
products and/or sites that may be displayed through our
browser or other sites linked from our services. This Privacy Policy
does not cover information and/or practices of other companies
which might be advertising our products and/or services and use
cookies or other technologies to offer services and relevant ads.