Welcome
Security and privacy are at the heart of what we do.
Accordingly, we think it is important to be transparent
about what personal data we collect, how we use it,
with whom we share it, and how we store it. This Privacy
Notice describes how we process and handle data
provided to us in connection with your use of certain of
our products, services, apps, and websites that link to
this notice (we refer to these collectively as our
"services").

---
• Since we do not collect your VPN browsing
activities, even if we were compelled to share
user activity data, there would be nothing to give.
• Free versions of our VPN products are supported
by personalized ads, but these ads are not
personalized based on any of your VPN browsing
activity, nor do we share any such activity with
our advertising partners. Personalization is
conducted by our advertising partners, who
collect personal data such as your user-
resettable advertising identifier (e.g. AAID or
IDFA) and combine it with the information they
have to show you ads that they believe are more
relevant to you. Google allows you to disable your
advertising identifier via Google account settings.
You can disable the Apple advertising identifier
via Apple device settings.
• Paid versions of our VPN products do not contain
ads, and therefore do not send information to
these advertising partners.

---
• Transactional information. If you purchase
services from us, you will need to provide
payment information to make your purchase. We
use industry-standard payment processor
services to handle payment information. Such
services are subject to separate terms and
privacy policies. We also collect information
about what you are purchasing, such as billing
address, subscription types, currency, purchase
dates, and amounts.

---
• Device information. We and our ad networks
collect information from and about the device
you use to access our services. We may collect
device model, device settings, operating system,
network information, and application version
numbers. Our ad networks only collect this
information for free users.

---
• Advertising identifiers. Our ad networks may
collect your device identifier for marketing and
analytics purposes. Google allows you to disable
your advertising identifier via Google account
settings. You can disable the Apple advertising
identifier via Apple device settings.

---
Information provided to us by third parties
• Referrals. If you are invited to use our service, the
person who invited you may submit your personal
data, such as your email address or other contact
information.
• Third Party Accounts. Some services may allow
you to register an account using a third party
account (such as a Google or Microsoft account).
If you do so, that third party may send us some
information about you that they have. You may be
able to control what information they send us via
your privacy settings for that third party account.
• Threat Information. We may receive information
from reputable members of the security industry
who provide information to help us to provide,
develop, test, and improve our services (for
example, lists of malicious URLs, spam blacklists,
phone number blacklists, and sample malware).
Some of this information may contain personal
data on an incidental basis.

---
• For legal compliance. We internally use your
information as required by applicable law, legal
process, or regulation. For example, we may use
your billing address to ensure we comply with
embargoes and sanctions. To learn about our
practices regarding sharing your information with
third parties for legal compliance purposes, see
Section 3 below. We use your information to
enforce our legal rights and resolve disputes. We
use your information to determine local taxes.

---
Note that we may use and disclose aggregated data
and data that is de-identified such that it no longer
reveals the identity of an individual user for regulatory
compliance, research, and analysis, our own or third
party marketing and advertising activities, and other
legitimate business purposes.

---
3. With whom do we disclose your personal
information?
We may disclose your information in the following
circumstances:
• In accordance with your instructions or consent.
For example, some services may allow you to
register an account using a third party account
(such as a Google or Microsoft account). If you
choose to do so, we will collect your email
address and name from the third party account
provider. The third party account provider may
collect registration and sign in information.
• Affiliates and third party service providers. To
help us provide some aspects of our services, we
work with our affiliates and trusted third parties.
To protect your data, we enter into appropriate
confidentiality and data processing terms with
these third parties, review their security
practices, and limit information sharing to the
scope of what they are helping us with. Examples
of activities that third parties help us with
include:
• processing customer payments
• providing analytics about our services
• providing sales and customer support
• maintaining the infrastructure required to
provide our services
• delivering our marketing and advertising
content
• serving advertising content
• To a new owner. If ownership or control of all or
part of our services, assets, or business changes,
we may transfer your information to the new
owner.
• To comply with legal processes and the law. For
our VPN products, we protect your privacy by
ensuring that we do not log or record online
activities that you conduct over a VPN
connection in any way that can be tied back to
you, meaning that we do not have any data to
share with law enforcement and government
agencies who make requests for information
about what you were doing through a VPN
connection. Subject to the foregoing, we may
disclose your information related to your account
such as your email address if we are required to
do so by applicable law; to comply with our legal
obligations; to comply with legal processes; and
to respond to valid law enforcement requests
relating to a criminal investigation, or alleged or
suspected illegal activity that may expose us,
you, or any of our other users to legal liability. If
we disclose your information for these purposes,
we limit the information disclosed to what is
legally necessary, and challenge information
requests that we believe are unlawful, overbroad,
or otherwise invalid.
• To enforce our rights and prevent fraud and
abuse. We may disclose limited amounts of your
information to enforce and administer our
agreements with customers and users, and to
respond to claims asserted against us. We may
also disclose your information to protect against
fraud and abuse against us, our affiliates, users,
and others.

---
4. Use of Advertising Services With Free VPN
Products
For users of our free VPN products, we may serve ads
through the use of third party advertising services. As
previously noted, we do not collect VPN browsing
information or share VPN browsing information with
advertising service providers. However, as with any
online advertising service, the entities will have access
to the information associated with ad delivery such as
which website or app the ad was delivered to, and
certain device-specific information.

To display ads in our apps, we may use third party
software development kits (SDKs), which consist of
software code provided by a third party that is
embedded in our apps. These SDKs may collect the
following information from your device or use:
• Device or mobile advertising identifiers
(controlled by your mobile operating system)
• IP address, which may reveal your approximate
geographic location as determined by your
carrier or ISP. However, when using the VPN
service, this may replace your actual location
with an alternative geographic location.
• Device-specific information such as make,
model, OS version, language, time zone, and
other information.
• The name of the app or website serving the ad.

As some ads may be personalized based on your
mobile advertising identifier or IP address, you may see
an AdChoices icon on an ad. You can click this icon to
learn more about the ad network that provided the ad,
its privacy policy, and your choices regarding opting out
from any personalized advertising. If you opt out from
personalized advertising, you may still see non-
personalized ads. While we request you not to use ad
blockers to prevent the display of ads because that is
how we support our free services, our services can
continue functioning if you do use ad blockers.

---
Advertising services we use to provide ads with our free
VPN products may include:
Vendor
Google Admob
/ Google
Analytics
IronSource
AdColony
Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-
sites
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-
mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
DT
https://www.digitalturbine.com/dt-clients-privacy-
Exchange/Fyber
policy/
Unity Ads
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
LiftOff/Vungle
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Meta/Facebook
Bigo Ads
StartApp
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
https://www.adsbigo.com/privacy.html
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/
https://docs.chartboost.com/en/legal/privacy-
Chartboost
policy/

In addition, you may opt out of interest-based mobile
advertising by utilizing the Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) AppChoices app.

---
SDKs
SDKs or software development kits are software code
provided by our advertising network or other business
partners that let our software interact with the services
those partners provide. For example, in certain of our
mobile apps, we may use an SDK to enable our app to
serve ads from an advertising network. Sometimes
these interactions will involve that business partner
collecting, using, and tracking some information from
the device on which the software is run. See above
regarding the type of information that is collected and
used for advertising purposes.

---
Cookies are small portions of text that are stored on
the device you use to access our services. Cookies
enable us (or third parties that we allow to set cookies
on your device) to recognize repeat users. Cookies may
expire after a period of time, depending on what they
are used for. We use cookies:

---
• For advertising-related purposes. We advertise
our services online with the help of third parties
who show ads and marketing about us on sites
around the internet.

---
Third Parties
We may allow our business partners to place certain
tracking technologies in our services. These partners
use these technologies for the following purposes:
• To provide our services. Some business partners
who help us to provide our services may use
these technologies to support those efforts.
• For Analytics. To help us understand how you use
our services.
• For Marketing. To help us market and advertise
our services to you, including on third party
websites. Cookies are used in connection with
this to measure the performance of our
advertising, attribute actions you take with our
ads with actions you take on our services, deliver
ad retargeting (serving ads based on your past
interactions with our services), and target ads at
similar audiences.
• To Serve Ads. Ad networks may use these
technologies to display ads which they think will
be more relevant to you. For more information,
please see the "Displaying Advertisements”
section above.

---
• Third Party Advertising Cookies: For information
on how to opt out of personalized or interest-
based advertising, you can visit the following
pages:some text
• Network Advertising Initiative opt out page
• Digital Advertising Alliance opt out page
• Your Online Choices (for Australian
residents)
• Your Online Choices (for EU residents)
• Google Ads. To opt out from Google ad
personalization, visit the Google Ads Settings page.
These opt out mechanisms are not provided by
us and we are not responsible for the availability
or operation of them. Note that after opting out
of personalized advertising you may still see non-
personalized ads.
• Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to
help us understand how users use our services.
Google makes available a Google Analytics Opt Out
Browser Add-On if you do not want to participate
in Google Analytics.

---
7. International Data Transfers
We may transfer your personal data to countries other
than the one in which you reside. We do this to facilitate
our operations, and transferees include our group
companies, service providers, and partners. Laws in
other countries may be different to those that apply
where you reside. For example, personal data collected
within Switzerland, United Kingdom or the European
Economic Area (EEA) may be transferred and
processed outside Switzerland, United Kingdom or the
EEA for purposes described in this policy.
However, we put in place appropriate safeguards that
help to ensure that such data receives an adequate
level of protection. You may contact us if you would like
more information about such safeguards.

---
Third Party Links. The services may include links to
third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Except
where we post, link to or expressly adopt or refer to this
notice, this notice does not apply to, and we are not
responsible for, any personal information practices of
third-party websites and online services or the
practices of other third parties. To learn about the
personal information practices of third parties, please
visit their respective privacy policies.

---
• request that we provide you with the categories
of personal data we collect, disclose or sell about
you; the categories of sources of such
information; the business or commercial purpose
for collecting or selling your personal data; and
the categories of third parties with whom we
disclose personal data. This information may also
be provided in this Privacy Policy.

---
• Right of Access: You may have the right to obtain
• some text;
• copy of the personal information we hold
about you;
• information about the categories of
recipients with whom we may share your
personal information;
• information about the categories of
personal information we are processing,
the purposes for which we process your
personal information and information as to
how we determine applicable retention
periods;
• confirmation of whether, and where, we
are processing your personal information.

---
• Right of Portability: You may have the right, in
certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the
personal information you have provided to us in a
structured, commonly used, machine-readable
format that supports re-use, or to request the
transfer of your personal information to another
person.

---
• Right to Opt-Out: You may have the right to opt-
out of certain processing activities. For example,
you may have the right to opt-out of the use of
your personal information for targeted
advertising purposes, or to "sell” or “share” your
personal information with third parties in certain
contexts.

---
R2.2. California "Shine the Light" disclosure
The California "Shine the Light” law gives residents of
California the right under certain circumstances to opt
out of the disclosure of certain categories of personal
information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with
third parties for their direct marketing purposes, or in
the alternative, that we provide a cost-free means for
consumers to opt out of any such disclosure. We do not
currently disclose your personal information to third
parties for their own direct marketing purposes.

---
R2.3. Third Party Disclosure Requests
California law permits users who are California
residents to request and obtain from us once a year,
free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we
have disclosed their “personal information" (if any) as
defined under California Civil Code 1798.83 for their
direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as
well as the type of personal information disclosed to
those parties. See the “Contact Us" section for where
to send such requests. Note that we do not share
personal information with third parties for their own
direct marketing purposes without your prior consent.

---
R2.4. Opt-Out From Sale
You may have the right to opt out of the "sale" of your
personal information as defined by the California
Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The CCPA broadly
defines "sale" such that it may include allowing third
parties to receive certain information, e.g. cookies, to
deliver personalized advertising on our services.

---
We do not "sell” (as defined by the CCPA) your personal
information except in the context of certain versions of
our products that are supported by personalized
advertising. Advertising, including personalized
advertising, enables us to provide certain of our
products for free, to provide offers relevant to you, and,
because we believe it's important that everyone has the
opportunity, regardless of their situation, to have
secure and private access to the internet. Personalized
advertising enables ads to be shown that are more
relevant to you.

---
R2.5. Sale of Personal Information
As is common practice among companies that operate
online, in the last 12 months, we have allowed certain
third-party providers to collect information about
consumers directly through our website and other
online services for purposes of analyzing and optimizing
our services, delivering ads, providing content and ads
that are more relevant, measuring statistics and the
success of ad campaigns, and detecting and reporting
fraud. As a result of this practice, in the last 12 months,
we have sold (per the CCPA's broad definition) the
following categories of personal information to these
third-party providers, subject to each consumer's
settings and their right to opt-out:
• Identifiers, such as IP address.
• Commercial Information, such as service
information, including services of interest or
orders made in connection with our services.
• Internet/Network Information, such as log data
(including operating system and browser type)
and analytics data (including usage and activity
on our website and online services). Note this
excludes VPN browsing activity data.
• Geolocation Data, such as general geographic
location based on IP address.
• Since our services are not directed to, and we do
not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit
personal information from children under the age
of 16, we do not sell personal information of
consumers we know to be under the age of 16.

---
Categories of Personal Information Collected and
with Whom we Share It
To opt out of our use of your information for such
purposes, visit: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal
information of minors under 16 years of age without
legally-required affirmative authorization.

---
• provide you the
categories of personal
information we have collected or disclosed about
you in the last twelve months, the categories of
sources of such information, the business or
commercial purpose for collecting or selling your
personal information, and the categories of third
parties with whom we shared personal
information. This information is provided in this
Notice;

---
R2.6. Summary of How we Handle your Personal
Information
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires
that we make certain disclosures to California
residents, including the categories of personal
information we collect, the purposes for which we use
that information, the categories of sources of personal
information, and the categories of third parties with
whom we share personal information. This section lays
out this information in the manner specified by the
CCPA, but it does not differ in substance from the
information in the rest of this policy.

---
• Third parties (such as service providers, other
users or marketing partners who may refer you to
our services)

---
Categories of Third Parties with Whom we Share Your
Personal Information.
The categories of personal information collected, as
described above, may be shared with the following
categories of third parties:
• Our corporate affiliates which are companies
under our common control or a party that may
acquire us or our assets.
• Third party service providers that perform
services on our behalf (e.g. payment processors,
analytics providers)
• Third party ad networks (e.g. Google)
• Third parties for legal purposes (e.g. in response
to legal process)
• Others with your consent or at your direction