In this Privacy Policy, we describe the types of personal information we process through the Services, how we may use the information, with who
share it and the choices available to you regarding use of the information and exercise of your rights. We also describe the measures we take to s
information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices. Below you will find a summary of the key messages contained in our Priva
more detailed information on how we process your information, please click on the headings or continue to read below.
1. Data Controllers
2. Information We Collect
3. How We Use the Information We Collect
4. Information Sharing
5. Retention of Personal Information
6. Your Rights
7. Exercising Your Rights and Your Choices
8. How We Protect Personal Information
9. Children's Personal Information
10. Contact Us
11. Links to Other Websites
12. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
13. Regional Privacy Disclosures

---
1. Data Controllers
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. and WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. share joint controllership for processing personal information and share information as
controllers of your personal information to provide Services efficiently and in compliance with applicable law.

---
Information collected through cookies and similar technologies
We and third parties may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags, and other tracking technologies (which we will refer to collectively as "cookie
gather statistical information in order to improve your experience with the Services, save your preferences, and to provide you offers. These cool
used to track you across devices and websites over time. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and session IDs, but you may be able
cookies by making the appropriate selection from your browser options or through the Cookie Settings. Note that by doing so, the functionality c
may be limited.

---
- Inferences: We may draw inferences of your interests, preferences, and gender cohort based on information about your interactions with our S
advertising partners.

---
Information collected through 3rd Party Analytics
Through certain Services, we may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and a
party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services on the Services. The information
may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate us
Services or help administer the Services.

---
4. Information Sharing
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. and WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. share information as joint controllers of your personal information whenever necessar
Services efficiently and in compliance with applicable law. We disclose or share personal information about you through the Services as describe
following:
Publicly Available Information. Information that you have voluntarily registered to be shared with the public can be seen by anyone, including
not have an account. This may include your nickname, profile picture, short bio, social media links, website, other information on your public prof
information or content you share with a public audience.
- Service Providers. We may disclose your information to companies that provide Services on behalf of us, such as companies that help us deve
operate systems for the Service with customer contact centers, as well as customer care activities, advertising (including customized advertising
websites, third-party websites, or online platforms), conducting customer satisfaction surveys, billing or that send emails on our behalf. These e
limited by contractual provisions in their ability to use your information for purposes other than providing Services for us.
Acting as service providers in accordance with legal regulations, such suppliers may have access to your personal information in order to provide
and/or comply with the obligations arising from the legal relationships maintained between the aforementioned third parties and us. In any case,
signed the corresponding confidentiality and data protection agreements with those service providers, in full compliance with the provisions of c
legislation on data protection.
Payment Partners. Payment and purchase information is collected and processed by payment partners for payment processing and anti-fraud
Advertising Partners. We may share your information to deliver more relevant advertising to you and help measure the effectiveness of ads.
Marketing Partners. We may share your information to enable you participate in our promotions, promote our Services in other platforms, and
effectiveness of our marketing activities.
Our Affiliated Companies. We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
- Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information t
parties:
to comply with the law or respond to compulsory legal process (such as a search warrant or other court order);
to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services; and
to protect our rights, property, or safety, or, in compliance with data protection laws, any of our respective affiliates, business partners, or custo
Other Parties in Connection with Transactions. We may disclose your information to a third party as part of an actual or planned merger or tra
acquisition or sale, or in the event of a bankruptcy.
Other Parties with Your Consent or on Your Request. In addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information
with third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing.
Links to Other Websites, Devices, Apps and Features. The Service may provide the ability to connect to other websites, devices, apps and ot
which may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the exte
website, device, app or other feature is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, use or privacy practices.

---
11. Links to Other Websites
You may identify hyperlinks to access the websites of other organisations on our websites or in the content we provide to you (e.g., promotional
events). Please note that this privacy policy does not cover how other companies will process your personal information. We recommend you to
privacy policies applicable to such other websites.

---
- Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to information regarding your interaction with websites, app
advertisements (including information about your use of Services and information collected through 3rd Party Analytics stipulated in section 2 ab

---
Inferences drawn from any of the above information, including information regarding your interactions with our Services and preferences, inforr
your activities and interactions with our advertising partners, and gender cohort based on your interactions and preferences.

---
(3) Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sou
From you or your devices, for example, through your use of the Services;
Our affiliated companies which provide services on our behalf, such as customer support and payment processing;
Vendors who provide Services on our behalf;
Advertising networks;
Data analytics providers;
Payment partners; and
Social media networks.

---
(5) Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal in
with the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates, subsidiaries and business partners;
Vendors who provide services on our behalf;
Payment partners;
Social networks;
Other users or creators;
Professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms;
Ad networks, marketing partners, analytics providers; and
Other third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing.
We may also disclose your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
A third party as part of an actual or planned merger or transfer, acquisition or sale, or in the event of a bankruptcy;
- Government entities, including law enforcement as required by law.

---
(6) Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose: In the preceding 12 months, we may have disclosed the following ca
personal information about you for a business purpose: identifiers, other identifying information (e.g., social security number), financial informati
commercial information, internet and other electronic network activity information, sensory information, and inferences.

---
(7) Categories of Personal Information Sold & Third Parties: We have sold the following categories of personal information about you to the fol
categories of third parties:
Advertising/marketing cookies and similar information to advertising partners in order to show you targeted advertisement based on your intera
our Services;
Identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar tecind
forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, and internet protocol address, which we share with our service providers, adverti
and other vendors to provide the Services;
- Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regardi
interaction with websites, applications or advertisements, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendorsão
Services; and
Inferences, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services.
We do have actual knowledge that we have sold personal information of consumers under the age of 16 only with consent.

---
(8) Categories of Personal Information Shared for Targeted Advertising & Third Parties: The categories of personal information that we have
targeting advertising include:
Advertising/marketing cookies and similar information to advertising partners in order to show you targeted advertisement based on your intera
our Services;
Identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar techno
forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, and internet protocol address, which we share with our service providers, adverti
and other vendors to provide the Services;
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regardi
interaction with websites, applications or advertisements, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to
Services; and
- Inferences, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services.
We do have actual knowledge that we have shared personal information of consumers under the age of 16 only with consent.

---
o the categories of personal information about you that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to who
disclosed that information for a business purpose; and

---
o Shine the Light: California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosu
certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not sha
information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.