Contextual advertising. In order to offer some of our Apps for
free, we show you ads from third party advertisers, that are
based on the content of the App you are using (“contextual ads”).
Since we do not track our users, we will never show you ads
based on your behavior or interest.

---

We engage third party ad network providers ("Advertising
Providers") who assist us in delivering advertisements (banners,
interstitials, rewarded videos) to you. We have integrated
Advertising Providers' SDKs (a piece of code) into our Apps
enabling us to connect ad networks to run in-app ads and to
collect the Information needed to display advertisements. The
Information is used for ad serving features such as frequency
capping (so that you are not displayed with the same ad twice
etc.) and ad mediation. The Information may be stored on your
device through generally accepted industry technologies used
within our Apps (such as local storage).

---

Our Apps may contain links to third party websites, products, or
services. For example, the Apps may feature offers from third
party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with
such entities. Please note that while using such third party
offerings, you are using sites, products, and services developed
and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or
controlled by us. We are not responsible for the actions of those
people or companies, the content of their sites, products or
services, the use of information you provide to them, or any

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

products or services they may offer. Our link to such third parties
does not constitute our sponsorship of or affiliation with, those
people or companies. Nor is such linking an endorsement of such
third party's privacy or information security policies or practices
or their compliance with laws. Information collected by third
parties, which may include such things as location information or
contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. These
other websites or services may place their own cookies or other
files on your computing device, collect information or solicit
personal information from you. We encourage you to learn about
the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact. We
are not responsible or liable for your interaction with such third
parties, the information requests initiated by such third parties,
or the subsequent use, treatment or dissemination of the
information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.

---

FOR INTERNAL ANALYTICS AND DIAGNOSTICS
We check how you use our Apps and Services with the help of
third party analytics providers (the “Analytics Providers") and by
processing Analytical Information (please see section "The data
we collect" of this Policy) to constantly improve our Apps and
make them better for you. With the help of identifiers, such as
analytics IDs, namely, Bubadu Identifier, Firebase Installation ID,
App Set ID (Android) and IDFV (iOS) assigned to your device we
can collect Analytical Information and use it to understand and
optimize how our Apps are used, improve our marketing efforts,
provide content and features that are of interest to you, and
conduct statistics, analytics, research and development in order
to continuously improve our Apps and make them better for you.
This includes correcting technical malfunctions, customization,
providing better and improved content, developing new offers,
measuring traffic and usage of our Apps, promoting the Apps
and improving the user experience. We do not process any
information which could directly identify you. We use data log
files (IP address, app version, date, OS version, requests, states
etc.) and information about your activity within the Apps for
internal analytics to improve our Apps.

---

We choose our Analytics Providers carefully and require them to
comply with applicable legislation. To learn what Analytics

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

providers we use please see the section 'Who has access to your
data' of this policy.

---

DISCLOSURE FOR LEGAL PURPOSES
We may also disclose information in the following cases:
• if required by law, for example, to comply with a court order,
subpoena, regulation, legal process or other governmental
request;
• to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal
safety of the Company, our users or others;
• to enforce this privacy statement, including investigation of
potential violations thereof;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

•
upon fulfilling legal requirements of local legislation (for
example verifiable parental consent of a legal guardian for
child directed apps in the US etc.) in order to supply certain
services/information third party might legally request from
US;
• to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or
technical issues;
• If Bubadu is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all
or a portion of its assets, you will be notified of any change
in ownership or uses of your information via our website;
• to respond to claims that any content published on the
Bubadu Apps violates any right of a third party

---

IP ADDRESS. We will collect your IP address on third party web
servers for security reasons to help us detect and prevent
fraudulent activity and to get the country information needed
for cross promotion.

---

ANALYTICS IDENTIFIER. The analytics provider Firebase
Analytics (GA4F) automatically generates and assigns a Firebase
Installation ID (app-installation ID) to identify a unique
installation of our App. The Firebase Installation ID is used to
compute your metrics throughout analytics. The analytics
provider Singular uses analytics identifiers, namely App Set ID

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

(Android) and IDFV (iOS). We use Bubadu Identifier to perform
analytics for cross promotion purposes.

---

ADVERTISING DATA
We use the "do not track" option for all our Apps which means
that we do not collect advertising identifiers (such as Android
Advertising ID and Advertising Identifier for iOS) and do not pass
them to advertisers.
We have integrated Advertising Providers' SDKs (a piece of code)
into our Apps enabling us to connect ad networks to run in-app
ads and to collect the Information needed to display
advertisements such as IP address, location data (specific
enough to identify a state for cross promo ads and city for

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

analytics), raw data log files on servers (IP address, date, time,
requests, state etc.), data about the add (campaign id, creative,
country, Bubadu Identifier (not shared with advertisers), date,
timestamp, app, orientation, store, status of the ad – requested,
loaded, displayed, clicked ad). Contextual advertising can come
from the type of device being used, the game/app genre, or the
selected language.

---

We analyze advertisement response (including clicks on ads, if it
originated a follow-up action to a third party e.g., "conversion"
event), which advertisements are shown, the date and time a
particular ad is served, angle view, and information about the
advertisements reviewed by the user.

---

Our Advertising Providers collect data regarding advertisement
performance, user interaction with ads and our Apps. For more
information please read the section “Who has access to your
data".

---

We use StoreKit Ad Network, or SKAdNetwork, a privacy-centric
API operated by Apple. It helps ad networks and advertisers
measure their ad activity (such as impressions, clicks, and app
installs) on an aggregated level.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We perform analytics with the help of identifiers, namely IP
address and analytics provider's unique ID, namely, Firebase
Installation ID assigned to your device for Google Analytics, App
Set ID (Android) and IDFV (iOS) for Singular and Bubadu Identifier.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Our Practices for Disclosing Children's Information
We do not share, sell, rent, or transfer children's personal
information other than as described in this section.
We may disclose aggregated information about many of our
users, and information that does not identify any individual or
device. In addition, we may disclose children's personal
information:
• To third parties we use to support the internal operations
of our App/Service and who are bound by contractual or

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

other obligations to use the information only for such
purpose and to keep the information confidential.
• If we are required to do so by law or legal process, such as
to comply with any court order or subpoena or to respond
to any government or regulatory request.
• If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights, property, or safety of Bubadu, our
customers or others, including to:
○ protect the safety of a child;
○ protect the safety and security of the App/Service; ог
○ enable us to take precautions against liability.
• To law enforcement agencies or for an investigation related
to public safety.

---

If Bubadu is involved in a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or
all of Bubadu's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of
bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding or event, we may
transfer the personal information we have collected or maintain
to the buyer or other successor.

---

Who receives or maintains Information from Children
A list of all Providers that may collect or maintain personal
information from children through the App/Service is available
within the 'Third Party Service Providers' section. Please direct
inquiries about any third-party operator's privacy practices and
use of children's information through the contact information
provided within their privacy policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor
Certification
Bubadu d.o.o. is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured
COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program ("the Program"). The
Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on
the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO seal.
PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to
safeguarding children's information collected online. The PRIVO
COPPA certification seal posted on this page indicates Bubadu
d.o.o. has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has
agreed to submit to PRIVO's oversight and consumer dispute
resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our
privacy practices, please contact us at +38617096 060 ог
privacy@bubadu.com. If you have further concerns after you
have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com.

---

IV. WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR DATA
We cannot provide all the services necessary for the successful
operation of our Apps by ourselves. We therefore engage third
party service providers (“Providers”) and enable them to collect
some Information from you. We strive to obligate our Providers
to comply with this Policy, but we cannot provide any guarantee
on their behalf. We adhere to the generally accepted industry
practices regarding the collection and usage of Information by

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

our Providers and strive to limit their usage to the services they
provide for us. We have entered into Data Processing
Agreements with our Providers to make sure your data is safe.

---

When using third party services, you adhere to their data
processing practices, as defined in their privacy policies available
below. We encourage you to read the privacy policies before
using such services. You recognize and agree that Bubadu is not
liable for the Provider's terms and conditions and their use of
your Information. If you for example click on the ad within our
App and get redirected to a third-party site, your data processing
will be governed by such third party provider's terms and privacy
policy. For more information on the third party provider data
processing practices, please read their privacy policies.

---

By voluntarily signing into Providers' functionalities within our
App, you allow the usage of your data to such third parties.

---

PAYMENT PROVIDERS
In-App purchases. Our Apps enable in-app purchases. We do not
process payments for in-app purchases nor have access to your
credit card information. Payment transactions for in-app
purchases are completed through the app store via your app
store account. Any post-purchases are controlled by the selected
app store and are subject to specific terms of such app store.
Please review the privacy policy and terms of service of your app
store.

---

In order to make a purchase you must use our third party
checkout options to finalize and pay for your order. In-app
purchases may be made only upon entering the app store
password and you are responsible for maintaining the security
of such password. Your authentication and security maintenance
is subject to specific terms of the selected app store and the OS
of your mobile device. You should be aware of the iOS 15-minute
and Android 30-minute window after the payment downloading
of an Application, during which in-app purchases may be made
without inserting an in-app store password.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Apple App Store. If you choose to use the App Store to finalize
and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number
directly to Apple. Apple's Privacy Policy will apply to the
information you provide to Apple, available here
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.

---

Amazon. If you choose to use Amazon to finalize and pay for
your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to
Amazon. Amazon's Privacy Policy will apply to the information
you provide to Amazon, available here
https://www.amazon.in/gp/help/customer/display.html?
nodeId=202136010.

---

Huawei AppGallery. If you choose to use the Huawei AppGallery,
please read their User Agreement and Privacy Statement
available here
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/hiapp/terms.htm?
country=DE&branchid=1&language=en GB, and
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/hiapp/privacy-
statement.htm?country=DE&branchid=2&language=en_ GB.

---

Google Play. If you choose to use Google Play by Google Inc.,
please read their Privacy Policy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy) and Terms of Service
(https://play.google.com/intl/ALL_uk/about/play-terms/).

---

APP MARKETPLACES
You can find our Apps on different marketplaces.

---

App Store. If you choose to use the App Store from Apple Inc.,
please read the Apple Customer Privacy Policy
(https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/) and Terms of Use
(https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html).

---

Google Play. If you choose to use Google Play by Google Inc.,
please read their Privacy Policy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy) and Terms of Service
(https://play.google.com/intl/ALL_uk/about/play-terms/).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Huawei AppGallery. If you choose to use the Huawei AppGallery,
please read their User Agreement and Privacy Statement
available here
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/hiapp/terms.htm?
country=DE&branchid=1&language=en_GB, and
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/hiapp/privacy-
statement.htm?country=DE&branchid=2&language=en_GB.

---

Amazon Appstore. If you choose to use Amazon Appstore by
Amazon.com Services LLC, please read Amazon Appstore for
Android Terms of Use
(https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?
nodeId=201485660) and Amazon.com Privacy Notice
(https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?
nodeId=GX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ).

---

ADVERTISING PROVIDERS
We use third party ad network providers ("Advertising providers")
to show ads within our Apps and Services. We select Advertising
Providers attentively to maintain compliance with applicable
privacy laws hence we only allow the display of contextual
advertisements that are child directed within our Apps.
Furthermore, we flag to Advertising Providers that users of our
Apps fall into the child directed to ensure our Advertising
Providers can comply with child protection legislation, namely
COPPA restrictions in the US territory. This means they are
allowed to use your Information (if any) solely for the purposes
of internal operations and contextual advertising but are
prohibited from contacting a user, including through behavioral
advertising; to amass a profile on a user or use the Information
for any other purpose.

---

Our Advertising Providers are allowed to use the Information
collected through the SDK to provide contextual advertisements,
conduct ad mediation, support internal operations and improve
their products by conducting research and analysis with the use
of advertising information to understand and optimize how the
advertisements are used. Our Advertising Providers may use
cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-
personal information in case the user clicks on any of their
advertisements.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We have contracted with certain third party advertising
networks that assist us in delivering advertising to you.

---

EEA territory. For the purposes of compliance with European
data processing legislation, such as the General Data Protection
Regulation (the “GDPR'), we have entered into Data Processing
Agreements with Advertising Providers and provide the
possibility for users to exercise their GDPR rights (see section
'Your rights'). Some of our Advertising Providers store or transfer
data outside EEA. The data is transferred to countries with a
current determination of adequacy, such as the EU-US Data
Privacy Framework (DPF) and similar adequacy decisions
between countries, adhering to Binding Corporate Rules,
Standard contractual clauses approved by the European
Commission or other appropriate safeguards to protect the
transfer of the data,

---

List of Advertising Providers that we engage:

---

Kidoz. Kidoz is the leading COPPA & GDPR compliant contextual
mobile advertising network. Kidoz SDK, which is integrated into
our Apps, is a piece of software that allows us to provide you
with customized advertisements designated to children, both in
terms of children's safe content, as well as in terms of data
collection. Meaning, that Kidoz will not collect through their SDK
any Personal Data without parental consent, except as permitted
under applicable law and detailed below. Kidoz does NOT use any
Personal Information collected for profiling (e.g., behavioral
advertising) or cross device tracking. Kidoz solely serves
contextual ads (e.g., if you are interacting with a painting app,
they will present advertisements related to painting). In case
Kidoz needs to collect any other Personal Information, which is
not listed in their privacy policy, Kidoz will ensure parental
consent is obtained before doing so, in the event required by
applicable law.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Kidoz collects Non-Personal Information: your aggregated usage
information and technical information transmitted by your
device, including: (i) certain software and hardware information
such as type of operating system, type of device, language
preference, etc.; and (ii) approximate geo-location (Country), and
Personal Information: certain identifiers, such as your Internet
Protocol ("IP") addresses (the addresses of computers on the
Internet), or Advertising ID, IDFA (“Identifiers”), if you give the
permission. For more information on what data Kidoz collects
and how it uses it please read https://kidoz.net/privacy-
policies#safe-ad-policy and https://kidoz.net/website-and-
kidoz-sdk-privacy-policy.

---

Google AdMob. AdMob is a mobile advertising subsidiary of
Google. AdMob automatically blocks any ad sources that haven't
been self-certified by Google Play from serving ads in apps that
are designed specifically for children. For this purpose, we have
included a code that calls a specific method for ad requests
served to children and specifies the maximum ad content rating.
To learn more about Google AdMob please read Google Ads Data
Protection Terms (https://business.safety.google/adsservices/).

---

Unity Ads. We use Unity Ads ad network provider to show you
contextual ads within our App and Services. Since our Apps are
child oriented we have sent a signal to Unity which indicates that
Unity needs to limit data collection and serve non-personalized
ads. For this purpose, Unity has reduced its data collection for its
Ads Service. In such instances, they will only collect the Personal
Information listed below. Unity collects this Personal Information
for internal operations and their legitimate interests in providing
the Service to us.
• IP address is used to provide a compliant experience
suitable for your region.
•
Unique Installation-specific ID is used for operational
purposes related to the serving of contextual
advertisements.
For more information please read Game Player and App User
Privacy Policy, https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-
user-privacy-policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Vungle. We use Vungle as an ad network provider to show you
contextual ads within our App and Services. As required by
COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in their system because we have
indicated that our Apps are subject to COPPA, meaning that your
device history will be disassociated, and the only personal
information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent
identifiers (e.g., IP address and other identifiers) to provide
"support for internal operations" of the Vungle Ad Services (as
permitted by COPPA). To learn more about what information
Vungle collects through Vungle's SDK please read their privacy
notice https://vungle.com/privacy.

---

ironSource. We use the ironSource ad network, owned by
ironSource Mobile Ltd., in order to show you contextual ads
within our Apps and Services. ironSource uses and shares the
data that they collect (including the advertising ID if obtained
based on your permission and IP address) from a child-directed
app only to serve contextual ads, for frequency capping, for
fraud prevention, and for other activities to support our internal
operations or the internal operations of the app, as permitted by
the COPPA and other applicable regulations. ironSource supports
Google Play's “Designed For Families" program requirements for
publishers who have followed the ironSource Designed for
Family SDK Functionality instructions. ironSource will not share
persistent identifiers with third party external bidders such as
DSPs, SSPs, exchanges, and marketplaces, except if specifically
directed by us for support for internal operations as defined by
the COPPA. For more information please read
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-
mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy.

---

SuperAwesome: SuperAwesome Trading Limited
("SuperAwesome”) is a provider of kid-safe advertising services
that are designed specifically for the compliance requirements
of younger audiences, including those aged under 13.
SuperAwesome places contextual advertising on applications
without collecting any personally identifiable information,
including persistent identifiers. SuperAwesome is certified as
COPPA-compliant by the kidSAFE Seal Program, an FTC-Approved
COPPA Safe Harbor Program. Please go to www.kidsafeseal.com
for more information. SuperAwesome is a valid licensee, and

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating
Board's Privacy Certified Program (“ESRB Privacy Certified"). To
protect your privacy, SuperAwesome has voluntarily undertaken
this privacy initiative, and its services have been reviewed and
certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online
information collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee
of this privacy program, SuperAwesome's services are subject to
frequent audits and other enforcement and accountability
mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy
Certified. SuperAwesome also provides advertising services in
compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU
1996/679). Adopting an approach of 'privacy by design and by
default, SuperAwesome utilises proprietary technologies so that
it neither collects, stores nor shares your personal data to
provision advertisements or target advertising to you. You may
contact SuperAwesome directly
at privacy@superawesome.com on + 44 203 668 6677, or by post:
Privacy Team, SuperAwesome Trading Limited, 22 Long Acre,
London WC2E 9LY, United Kingdom.

---

Mintegral. Mintegral, owned by Mintegral International Limited,
is a global mobile advertising platform, providing user
acquisition, monetisation and creative solutions for advertisers
and mobile publishers. Mintegral's COPPA solution is designed so
that any persistent identifiers collected about you are processed
according to the requirements of COPPA and not used to serve
behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes. In
addition, Mintegral will not knowingly collect any other personal
information under COPPA (such as the precise geolocation of
your device) from you. For more information about kids safety
please read https://www.mintegral.com/en/blog/mintegral-
passes-kidsafe-coppa-seal-annual-audit. To learn about what
information Mintegral collects and how it uses it, please read
Mintegral's privacy policy
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy#privacy-policy-of-the-
mintegral-services.

---

Petal ads. Petal Ads is an ads platform provided by Aspiegel SE, a
subsidiary of Huawei incorporated in Ireland, that we use to
serve ads on HUAWEI apps. The Aspiegel SE and Petal Ads
participate in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Framework and comply with its Specifications and Policies.
Aspiegel's identification number within the framework is 856.
Aspiegel also operates a private Consent Management Platform
with the identification number 386, which is used by different
Huawei Mobile Services apps provided by Aspiegel. Aspiegel
collects and uses the following personal data for the purposes of
Petal Ads. Please read Statement About Petal Ads and Privacy
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/ads/privacy-
statement.htm?&code=EU&language=en-
us&branchid=0&contenttag=default and Statement About
HUAWEI ID and Privacy for more information.

---

Digital Turbine. Digital Turbine, owned by Digital Turbine, Inc. is
an advertising platform that we use to show you ads within our
Apps. Digital Tribune collects device and other IDs and uses this
information for the purposes of analytics, fraud prevention,
security and compliance and to serve non-personalised
advertising. For more information please read DT Privacy Notice
(https://www.digitalturbine.com/dt-clients-privacy-
policy/# heading=h.17dp8vu) and Privacy documents available at
https://developer.digitalturbine.com/hc/en-
us/sections/360002877558-Privacy.

---

ANALYTICS PROVIDERS
Google Analytics 4 (GA4F). We use Google Analytics for
Firebase (GA4F) SDK and Big Query to collect data on the usage
of our Apps. We use your data only for the purposes of our
internal analytics to improve our Apps and we do not allow
sharing of your data with other parties and their products or
services.

---

GA4F collects the following information through the default
implementation: number of users, session statistics,
approximate geolocation, browser and device information. See a
full list of the default events and user properties collected by
GA4F. GA4F also collects enhanced measurement events (when
enabled) from web data streams and in-app purchases from app
data streams.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

GA4F SDK automatically generates and assigns a Firebase
Installation ID (the “Installation ID) to each instance of our App.
GA4F uses the Installation ID to identify unique installations of
our App and compute your metrics. Learn more about the app-
instance ID. GA4F uses Installation IDs to track particular
audiences. Data associated with Installation IDs is
generally not personally-identifying, but is associated with a
device and used to identify the same device, and events the
device performs.

---

The SDK collects identifiers for mobile devices (for example,
Android Advertising ID and Advertising Identifier for iOS) based
on your consent and uses technologies similar to cookies.

---

On iOS, the SDK collects the Advertising Identifier (IDFA) if it is
available. On Android, the SDK collects the Advertising ID by
default based on your consent. If the Advertising ID is not
available it will collect Android ID (SSAID). Any attempts to access
the identifier will receive a string of zeros instead of the
identifier.

---

When GA4F collects measurement data, all IP lookups are
performed on EU-based servers before forwarding traffic to
GA4F analytics servers for processing.

---

To get more information about how your data is being collected
and processed you can visit the site “How Google uses data when
you use our partners' sites or apps located at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Firebase relies on Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the
European Commission which are incorporated into contracts for
relevant data transfers.

---

Google Big Query. We can draw and analyse data from Firebase
Analytics using Google BigQuery. For more information, please
see Google Service Specific Terms.

---

Singular. We use Singular, owned by Singular Labs, Inc. as a
Marketing Analytics and Attribution provider. In order to provide
the services to us, they process some personal information. They
do this as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on
our behalf and under our instructions.

---

Generally, Singular processes personal data regarding the
behavior and usage patterns of our end-users of mobile
applications and other mobile properties operated by us. Subject
to our discretion, the personal data processed by Singular can
include, among others, your IP address, Android device ID (App
Set ID), iOS device ID (IDFV) carrier user “ID”, and geo-location
information. For more info please read their privacy policy
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy/.

---

STORAGE PROVIDERS
Digital Ocean
We use Digital Ocean services to store the data on their servers
based in the US. DigitalOcean is committed to protecting your
information. To do so, they employ a variety of security
technologies and measures designed to protect information
from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The measures they
use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the
risk of processing your personal data.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

With respect to Personal Data of Data Subjects located in the
EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that Bubadu transfers
to DigitalOcean or permits DigitalOcean to access, we have
agreed that by executing the DPA they also execute the Standard
Contractual Clauses, which will be incorporated by reference and
form an integral part of the DPA.

---

Webserver Providers
We use third party Webserver Providers, namely Cloudflare to
store your IP address for the purposes of security to help us
detect and prevent fraudulent activity. These services may
collect your information when you use our services, web
applications, and APIs. The information may include but is not
limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration
information, and other information about traffic to and from our
Apps (collectively, “Customer Logs”). The Webserver Providers
collect and use Customer Logs to operate, maintain, and improve
their Services for the purpose of providing security. For example,
Customer Logs can help us detect new threats, identify malicious
third parties, and provide more robust security protection for
our services. Where Webservers Providers use information
collected from Resolver Users to operate and improve the
Cloudflare Resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts
if an issue arises, they will not combine the information collected
from DNS queries with any other data in any way that can be
used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare is a data
processor for Customer Logs, and processes such information
based on our instructions, meaning that Bubadu is the controller
of such data. Some of the Webserver Providers store or transfer
data outside EEA. Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers
personal information originating in the EEA, the UK, oг
Switzerland with another member of the Cloudflare group or a
third party service provider or partner outside the EEA, the UK, oг
Switzerland, they will implement appropriate safeguards,
consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

exported. For example, where transfers are made from the EEA,
we rely on the EU standard contractual clauses, including
supplementary measures as necessary. Please see these
providers' privacy policies for more
info: https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy.

---

VIDEO SHARING PROVIDERS
YouTube. We use YouTube, owned by Google LLC, to share and
show videos about our Apps on our website
(https://bubadu.com/). Our YouTube channel is set as Made For
Kids, this limits data collection when you watch our videos and
prevents personalised adverts being shown. For more
information please read Google's Privacy Policy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB).

---

If you have chosen to block third-party cookies via your browser,
cookies will not be stored on your device.

---

Most third-party cookies can be blocked by activating the setting
on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or
some cookies. Some people prefer not to allow cookies, which is
why most browsers give you the ability to manage cookies to suit
you. For more information on how to modify your browser
settings or how to block, manage, delete or filter cookies can be
found in your browser's help file or through such sites
as: https://www.aboutcookies.org.uk/.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

OPT OUT OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

You are always free to opt out of the information collection by
Third Party Providers by not logging in or using their services.
Please note that you cannot opt out of Providers, that we use to
offer you the Services, for example, Storage Providers. If you
don't agree with such usage please don't use our Services.

---

When you use our free App version you have the right to object
to data processing for advertising by choosing the option
"Remove Ads" within your in-App settings and paying the 'No ads'
fee or by buying the App feature that includes the ‘Remove ads'
option' or subscribing to a VIP subscription. When you choose
this option we disable any future third party advertising and stop
sharing and using your data for advertising.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

You have the right to data portability, i.e. to receive your data in
a structured, common and machine-readable format and to
transmit it or have it transmitted to another data controller.

---

CALIFORNIA RESIDENCE PRIVACY INFORMATION (CCPA
RIGHTS)
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy
Act (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPR)
requires us to provide you with some additional information
regarding your rights with respect to your "personal information".
We may transfer your personal data to third party providers in
order to achieve the purposes of the processing listed in the
section "How we use your data" above. Third party providers act
as service providers (data processors on our behalf) meaning

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

that they are not allowed to use your data for their own
purposes. Please see the section “Who has access to your data" to
learn about what third party processors we use.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We may transfer your personal data to third party processors in
order to achieve the purposes of the processing listed in 'How we
use your data' above, but only with the third-party processors
with whom we have a data protection agreement in place. A full
list of our third-party processors can be found in section ‘Third
Party Services Providers. We may also share your personal
information by disclosing it to a third party for a business
purpose, and for any other purpose with your consent. We only
make these business purpose disclosures under written
contracts that describe the purposes, require the recipient to
keep the personal information confidential, and prohibit using
the disclosed information for any purpose except performing
the contract. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have
disclosed personal information for a business purpose to the
categories of third parties indicated in the chart below.

---

| Personal Information Category | Category(ies) of Third-Party Recipients | Business Purpose |
|---|---|---|
| A: Identifiers. | Service providers. | To provide our Services to you, perfrom Internal Analytics and Contextual Advertising. |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

| F: Internet or other similar network activity. | Service providers. | To provide our Services to you, perfrom Internal Analytics and Contextual Advertising |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Right to request disclosure of any personal information we
collect. This means in particular that you have:
• the right to request disclosure of the categories of
personal information we collected from you, together with
the categories of sources from which it was collected
(please see above),
• the purpose of the collection (please see above),
• the categories of third parties with whom we shared your
personal information (please see above), and
• the specific pieces of personal information that have been
collected (please see the section above).

---

Right to request deletion of any personal information that
we collected from you. This means that after we have verified
your request to delete your personal information, we shall delete
it from our records and direct any service providers to delete
your personal information from their records, except when
Article 1798.105 (d) CCPA is applicable (e.g. in case the personal
information is necessary to provide the Services, to detect
security incidents, to identify and repair errors that impair
existing intended functionality of the Services, or to comply with
a legal obligation).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Right to Opt-Out of Sale. You have the right to opt out of the
sale of your personal information to third parties (as those terms
are defined in the CCPA). We have contracted with Providers that
offer their services to us as “service providers' meaning that they
do not use the Information that you share for their own
purposes and such disclosure does not constitute a sale as per
the CCPA definition. We are not selling any information to third
parties and we don't allow tracking by third parties.

---

VIRGINIA RESIDENCE PRIVACY INFORMATION (VCDPA)
If you are a Virginia resident, the Virginia Consumer Data
Protection Act (“VCDPA”) requires us to provide you with some
additional information regarding your rights with respect to your
"personal information”.

---

Consistent with "The Data We Collect" and "How We Use Your
Data"sections of this Policy, we may collect certain categories of
information about Virginia consumers (“Personal Data”). The
section below summarizes the Personal Data we process, the
purposes for processing this data, the categories of personal
data that we share with third parties, and the categories of third
parties that we share the data as specified in the VCDPA. We do
not sell personal data to third parties.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Categories of Third Parties With Which We Share Personal
Data
We share your Personal Data with Service Providers, as described
within the "Third Party Services Providers' section.

---

Right to Access Personal Data/Correct Inaccurate Personal
Data
You have the right to request access to Personal Data collected
about you and information regarding the purposes for which we
collect it and the third parties and service providers with which
we share it. Additionally, you have the right to correct inaccurate
or incomplete Personal Information. You may submit such a
request by sending us an email to support@bubadu.com.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data to
third parties (as those terms are defined in the VCDPA). We do
not sell your Personal Data to third parties. We have contracted
with Providers that offer their services to us as "processors" (as
defined with VCDPA) meaning that they do not use the Personal
Data that you share for their own purposes, but only in
accordance with our instructions.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• obtain information about the third parties with whom we
share your personal information;
• obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your
personal information (except for anonymized information)
to another service or product provider, provided that our
commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In the event that you file a rectification, deletion, anonymization
or personal information blocking request, we will make sure to
immediately communicate your request to other parties with
whom we have shared your personal information in order to
enable such third parties to also comply with your request –

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

except in cases where such communication is proven impossible
or involves a disproportionate effort on our side.

---

Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted
by the law
As Bubadu is based in Slovenia, we only transfer your data to
Slovenia to provide our Services. In addition to that Bubadu uses
third party services outlined in the section “Who has access to
your data" to transfer data to third countries.

---

We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of
the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
• When we offer and provide guarantees of our compliance
with the LGPD principles, the data subject's rights, and the
data protection regime, in the form of:
• specific contractual clauses for a particular transfer;
• standard contractual clauses;
• binding corporate rules; or
• regularly issued certificates and codes.
• When necessary:
• for international legal cooperation between
government intelligence, investigative, and
prosecutorial bodies, under international law;
○ to protect the data subject's or a third party's life oг
physical safety;
○ to execute a public policy or to fulfill a government
legal duty;
○ to comply with the controller's compliance with a legal
or regulatory obligation;
• to perform an agreement or preliminary procedures
relating to an agreement with the data subject; or
○ to exercise rights in court, administrative, or
arbitration.
• When the ANDP authorizes the transfer.
• When resulting from a commitment made in an
international cooperation agreement.
• When the data subject has provided specific and distinct
consent for the international transfer, clearly distinguishing

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

STORING
We use Digital Ocean and Cloudflare for storing information.
Please see the section 'Storage Providers' for more information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We store our data on the US territory so we will transfer the data
to the US if you are using our Apps elsewhere. Please see section
'Transfer' below for more information.

---

TRANSFER
We provide our Services globally, so we need to transfer your
Information to Providers across borders and from your country
to other countries around the world. Please note that not all
these countries have the same data protection laws as your own
country, but we take appropriate steps to safeguard the privacy
of your Information.

---

We will transfer your Information to our Providers only when the
transfer is based on one of the following safeguards:
• to a country with adequate protection, meaning that the
country has an adequate level of protection in accordance
with European data protection legislation
• Based on standard contractual clauses (SCC), meaning
that we have entered into SCC with Providers, that are
adopted by the Commission of the European Union in
accordance with European data protection legislation
• Other appropriate safeguards, such as approved
certification mechanisms like privacy shield frameworks