Our App may transmit your Personal Information to our internal
servers which may be situated outside India. This Personal
Information is deleted from our servers 180 days after You delete the
App or cancel/terminate your user account on the App, except to the
extent storage of such data, including Your Personal Information, is
necessary for Our purposes and/or required under applicable laws.
---
Here's an outline of how we use data:
(i) Limited Data Accumulation: To ensure the smooth functioning of
the TL;DR feature, it's necessary to relay some details to our servers.
(ii) URL Request Submission: Whenever you access a page, we
submit a request which includes the URL of the page you're on. This
is purely to determine if the URL is pertinent (i.e., relating to tech or
dev articles).
(iii) URL Verification: If the URL is deemed irrelevant, no further steps
are taken. The process ends right here.
(iv) TL;DR Activation: If the URL is found to be relevant, the TL;DR
feature is triggered.
---
Our App may contain links to third party websites or applications.
The inclusion or exclusion of the link does not imply any
endorsement by DevBytes of the website, the websites provider, or
the information on the website. You agree and understand that
privacy policies of these websites are not under Our control.
DevBytes does not make any representations concerning the privacy
practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such
websites, nor does DevBytes guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or
quality of information, data, text, software, sound, photographs,
graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such
websites. You understand that once You leave Our servers, use of
any information You provide shall be governed by the privacy policy
of the operator of the site used by you. Hence, DevBytes encourages
the user to read the privacy policies of each such website and the
User understands that it is solely such third party who is responsible
to the User in this regard.
---
In general, We use Our best efforts to use information in aggregate
form (so that no individual user is identified). However, We may use
Your Personal Information for the following purposes:
(i) To build up marketing profiles;
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
(ii) To aid strategic development, data collection and business
analytics;
(iii) To manage our relationship with advertisers and partners;
(iv) To enable us to provide the App through the use of appropriate
technological services;
(v) To audit usage of the App; and
(vi) To enhance user experience in relation to the App (collectively,
“Permitted Use”).
---
Disclosure of Personal Information
We do not disclose Your Personal Information to any third parties
other than to DevBytes' affiliates, third party service providers or
other trusted business or persons, who may be situated outside
India, pursuant to a lawful contract and in compliance with our
Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security
measure.
No User information is rented or sold to any third party.
In the event of a merger, reorganization, acquisition, joint venture,
assignment, spin-off, transfer, asset sale, or sale or disposition of all
or any portion of Our business, including in connection with any
bankruptcy or similar proceedings, We may transfer any and all
Personal Information to the relevant third party with the same rights
of access and use. Please note that this may result in Your Personal
Information being transferred outside India.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, We will keep
Your Personal Information private and will not share it with third
parties, unless We believe in good faith that disclosure of Your
Personal Information or any other information We collect about You
is necessary for Permitted Use or to:
(i) Comply with a court order or other legal process;
(ii) Protect the rights, property or safety of DevBytes or another
party;
(iii) Enforce the Privacy Policy, including Terms; or
(iv) Respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the
rights of third parties.
By agreeing to the Privacy Policy, You hereby grant Us Your consent
for sharing Your information, including Your Personal Information,
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
with third parties, including third parties situated outside India, for
the Permitted Uses, and in all instances henceforth in pursuance of
Clause 4 of this Privacy Policy.
---
Although We make best possible efforts to store Personal
Information in a secure operating environment that is not open to the
public, You should understand that there is no such thing as
complete security, and We do not guarantee that there will be no
unintended disclosures of Your Personal Information. If We become
aware that Your Personal Information has been disclosed in a
manner not in accordance with this Privacy Policy, We will use
reasonable efforts to notify You of the nature and extent of such
disclosure (to the extent We know that information) as soon as
reasonably possible and as permitted by law. You should not share
Your password with any third party, and if You believe Your
password or account has been compromised, You should change it
immediately and contact Us at legal@devbytes.co.in.
---
A high standard of security is maintained by Us for Our users.
However, the transmission of information via the internet or
telephone networks is not completely secure. While We do Our best
to protect Your information, particularly with respect to protection of
Your personal data, DevBytes cannot ensure the security of Your
data transmitted via the internet, telephone or any other networks.