We at Mubarak Technologies Pte. Ltd., incorporated in Singapore (20A TANJONG PAGAR ROAD SINGAPORE 088443), owner of
the platform Blink and Blinkco.io("Blink ”, “ Mubarak Technologies ”, “we,” “us,” or “our”) have created this privacy policy (the "Privacy
Policy") to explain how the information you provide to us is used and shared. This Privacy Policy relates to the information collection
and use practices of Blink in connection with our direct ordering Platform (the "Platform”), and our other Services.
---
We respect your privacy and values, the trust you place in it. Set out below is our Privacy Policy which details the manner in which
information relating to you is collected, used and disclosed.
---
When you provide us with any Personal Blink's Information (as defined below), you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and
retention of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted by law.
---
Information you submit to the Platform for publication may be made publicly available on the Platform and therefore accessible by any
internet user. You should exercise caution when deciding what information you submit to us for publication.
---
Note that Blink uses Google Maps and the Google Maps API as part of its online ordering system. By using Blink's web, iOS, or
Android ordering systems you are also bound by the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service found here:
https://developers.google.com/maps/terms-20180207#3-privacy-and-personal-information
(https://developers.google.com/maps/terms-20180207#3-privacy-and-personal-information). Also, please be advised that your use of
Google Pay or Apple Pay is subject to the terms and conditions, including the privacy policies, of Google and Apple, respectively. By
using Google Pay, you hereby accept the Google Pay API Terms of Service found here:

https://payments.developers.google.com/terms/sellertos (https://payments.developers.google.com/terms/sellertos).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• From Cookies. Information that we collect using "cookie" technology. Cookies are small packets of data that a website store on
your computer's hard drive so that your computer will "remember” information about your visit. We use cookies to help us collect
Other Information and to enhance your experience using the Services. Specifically, we use cookies to authenticate users,
personalize your experience when using the Services, analyze which features of the Services you use most frequently, and
measure and optimize advertising and promotional effectiveness. To do this, we may use both session cookies, which expire
once you close your web browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your computer until you delete them. If you do not want
the Services to place a cookie on your hard drive, you may be able to turn that feature off on your computer or mobile device.
Please consult your Internet browser's documentation for information on how to do this. However, if you decide not to accept
cookies from us, the Services may not function properly. When the Services are made available to you through Facebook (via
our Plugin) and/or other third-party sites, please be aware that these other sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies
and the collection and use of information. You are responsible for reviewing those policies.
---
• Third-Party Analytics. We use third-party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Services,
compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information
relating to the Services and mobile and Internet usage. These third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze
and provide us the data. By accessing and using the Services, you consent to the processing of data about you by these
analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. The information used by such analytics
services is generally at the aggregate level. To the extent any such information is at the individual level or is used for secondary
marketing purposes.
For more information on Google Analytics, including how to opt-out from certain data collection, please visit
https://www.google.com/analytics (https://www.google.com/analytics). Please be advised that if you opt-out of any service, you may
not be able to use the full functionality of the Services.
---
B. THE INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIRD--
PARTY ADVERTISING COMPANIES
We share Other Information about your activity in connection with your use of the Services with third parties for the purpose of
tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing advertising you see on the Platform, the Website, the Apps, the Plugin, and
elsewhere. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect
such Other Information for such purposes. Pixel tags enable us, and these third-party advertisers, to recognize a browser's cookie
when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site. By
using the Services, you consent to this collection.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
D. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION
We use the Personal Information and the Other Information to provide you access to and use of the Services, solicit your feedback,
inform you about our products and services and those of our third-party marketing partners, to administer our rewards, referral, and
promotional programs, and to improve our service to you. We use the Billing Information to process your orders, and we use the
Geolocational Information to recommend nearby restaurants to you. Also, we may share Personal Information, Billing Information,
Geolocational Information, and/or Other Information as described below.
• In order to provide you our Services, we may share your name, phone number, meal order, and, if you are ordering for delivery,
your physical address with the restaurants from which you order and with any third parties that are involved in, or provide
services in connection with, such orders, such as delivery services, licensees of our Platform, and similar parties. Such parties
will use such information in accordance with the terms of their privacy policies.
• In order to administer our rewards, referral, and promotional programs, we may share your Personal Information and Other
Information with the restaurants from which you order and delivery services that deliver your orders.
• We may from time to time share Personal Information and/or Other Information with other companies who may provide you
information about the products and services they offer. However, to the extent required by law, you will be given the opportunity
to opt-out of such sharing.
• In an ongoing effort to better understand our users and our Services, we might analyze the Other Information and the
Geolocational Information in aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Services. This aggregate
information does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, and business
partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our products and services to current and
prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
• We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include providing marketing
assistance, order fulfillment, billing, and customer service. These other companies will have access to the Personal Information,
the Billing Information, the Geolocational Information, and the Other Information only as necessary to perform their functions
and to the extent permitted by law.
• As we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger,
reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the Personal Information, Billing Information, Geolocational
Information, and Other Information may be part of the transferred assets.
• To the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose Personal Information, the Billing Information, the Geolocational
Information, and the Other Information when required by our financial or legal advisers, law, court order, or other government or
law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, or whenever we believe that disclosing such information is necessary or
advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of Blink or others.
We will take reasonable measures to require that the party receiving any of your Personal Information undertakes to: (i) retain and use
such information only for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy; (ii) not disclose your Personal Information except with your
consent, as permitted by law, or as permitted by this Privacy Policy; and (iii) generally protect the privacy of your Personal Information.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
F. EXTERNAL WEBSITES, GOOGLE PAY, AND APPLE
PAY
The Services may contain links to third-party websites. Blink has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our
business partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other websites to which we provide links. As such, we are not responsible for the content
or the privacy policies of those third-party websites. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when
visiting any other websites.
Please be advised that your use of Google Pay or Apple Pay is subject to the terms and conditions, including the privacy policies, of
Google and Apple, respectively.
---
6. The right to data probability
You have the right to request us to transfer data that we collect directly to you or other users as provided in this Privacy Policy.