We provide the Services as a professional resource intended to support healthcare professionals in
their efforts to provide high quality medical care to patients. You can choose whether or not you
want to use the Services. If you do choose to use the Services, you must agree to the OpenEvidence
Platform Terms of Use which is a contract between us and users of the Services. By agreeing to the
OpenEvidence Platform Terms of Use, you confirm that you have read and understand this Privacy
Policy which explains how we collect, disclose, transfer, secure and use information about you in
connection with your use of the Services and the rights and choices you have regarding these
activities. If you do not want us to collect and use information about you as described in this Privacy
Policy, then you should not use the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge that we will
store, use and otherwise process your information in the United States and any other country from
where the applicable OpenEvidence Platform property is operated. Please be aware that the privacy
laws and standards in certain countries may differ from those that apply in the country in which you
reside.

---
• Cross-Device Tracking. We and our service providers collect and store information about
users' interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies,
including cookies and similar tracking technologies. This allows us to infer the presence of a
common user or household behind multiple devices. We do so in order to:
• provide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing
patterns on all of the devices;
Ο
• detect and prevent fraud;
allow users to use our service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off
on another device; and
• limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across known or
inferred devices.

---
• Market Research. You may be invited to participate in market research surveys conducted by
us or on our behalf for our own internal business purposes and also market research surveys
conducted by or on behalf of third party sponsors that commissioned the survey. For some
surveys, you may be asked to provide personal information for re-contact (e.g., by email or
phone) or payment fulfillment purposes.

---
• Public Forums. When you post a comment on a discussion board or other public forum, by
default your username, specialty and degree will be displayed within the forum along with your
comment. You may choose to display additional information in your public forum profile,
including a photo, by adjusting your discussion profile settings. Information that you post within
a public forum is public information and may be used by us and third parties, as further
described in the OpenEvidence Platform Terms of Use.

---
• Information and Registration Forms. From time to time we may offer you the opportunity to
receive additional information or services from us or from third parties, including our
advertisers (e.g., sample request, sales rep visit, direct marketing, etc.), or to register to attend
live events, either in-person or via livestream. If you wish to participate in such opportunities,
you may be asked to provide personal information to fulfill the request. Unless otherwise
specified in the request form, we may use such information as described in this Privacy Policy
and the third party, if applicable, will be required to use such personal information as described
at the point of collection.

---
• Network Profiles. We may use your registration information, as well as information from Third-
Party sources such as IQVIA, to create a profile for you that is viewable by other members of
the OpenEvidence Platform, which may be associated with content with which you engage and
comments you may post (collectively, your “Network Profile”).

---
• Communications. By registering as a member of the OpenEvidence Platform, you agree to the
use of your registration information and other information collected about you as described in
this Privacy Policy to communicate with you about the Services and other information that may
be of interest to you. These communications may be conveyed through a variety of channels,
subject to applicable law, including emails and may contain advertisements and other
promotional materials from third party sponsors, including pharmaceutical companies.

---
• User Data. We may create aggregated, de-identified, or anonymous data from the information
you provide, so that it can no longer be linked to you personally. This data may be shared with
third parties for identifying patterns and insights, supporting commercial initiatives, and
analyzing and enhancing our Services.

---
• Personalize the Services Including Advertising.
• We may personalize the Services, including the advertising you see within the
OpenEvidence Platform, on third party websites and in our email communications, based
on information included in your Member Profile. For example, a user who OpenEvidence
Inc. believes is a cardiologist or who has browsed cardiology content with the
OpenEvidence Platform may be served an advertisement promoting a particular cardiac
product within the OpenEvidence Platform, on third party websites and/or within an email
that a user who OpenEvidence Inc. believes is a neurologist or has not browsed
cardiology content will not see. We partner with third parties to manage and conduct our
advertising activities including advertising on our websites and on third party websites.
These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver this
advertising based on your activities and interests as inferred from your use of the
Services and other information they have about you. Also, advertisers may use their own
cookies and other tracking technologies in the advertisements served to you through the
Services, some of which may enable the advertiser to obtain personal information that
can be used to specifically identify you, including the fact that you saw the advertisement,
to the extent that you have separately provided consent to the advertiser or to the third
party providing the tracking technology. Some advertisers use companies other than
OpenEvidence Inc. to serve their advertisements on their behalf and to monitor users'
responses to these advertisements through the use of cookies and other tracking
technologies. While OpenEvidence Inc. generally permits the use of third party tracking
technologies based on an understanding that they comply with the OpenEvidence Inc.
Advertising Policy, we do not have control over these third parties' use of cookies and
other tracking technologies or how they manage the information they gather through them
and OpenEvidence Inc. may be unable to verify compliance with the OpenEvidence Inc.
Advertising Policy.

---
1. Newsletters, sending by email interest-based advertising or sharing granular data
with sponsors, we process data based on the consent you gave us, our service
providers, our sponsors, which may be revoked at any time (we may in some cases
act as data processors for our sponsors);
2. Interest-based advertising on our websites and mobile apps and third-party
websites and apps including within the OpenEvidence Platform, we process and
combine data to enrich your profile to respond to our legitimate interests based on
our business model offering free and relevant Services to you. You may oppose the
use of certain Cookies and data compiling (see our Cookie notice for more details on
how to refuse Cookies and other technologies). Our use of the legitimate interest
legal basis is without prejudice to additional requirements on Cookies that may flow
from Directive 2002/58 or any subsequent European legislation.

---
Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
Information about your use of the Services may be shared as follows:
• Service Providers. We work with third party service providers to help us provide the Services
and to otherwise assist us in the operation of the OpenEvidence Platform, including in the areas
of email management and deployment, analytics, marketing, advertising, market research,
sweepstakes and contest administration, identity and professional credential validation, content
distribution, customer service, payment fulfillment, event logistics, website maintenance and
data storage and security. We may provide these service providers with personal information
about users of our Services so that they can fulfill their responsibilities to us, however, we do
require that they agree to limit their use of this personal information to the fulfillment of these
responsibilities. To provide you with certain personalization and advertising services described
herein, we may share certain information that we may collect from you, such as your email
address (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system
with our Licensed Partner and their affiliates, which may in turn link demographic or interest-
based information to your browser.

---
• Advertising and Sponsored Programs. We may provide your personal information to third
party sponsors of advertisements and Sponsored Programs, subject to applicable law.
Specifically, when you are exposed to an advertisement through the Services, whether on one
of our websites or apps, in an email or through some other means, or when you engage in a
Sponsored Program, e.g., access a sponsored information resource, open one of our
sponsored emails, OpenEvidence Inc. may provide your personal information, such as your
name and specialty (but not your email or postal address) to the applicable sponsor and/or its
agents on the sponsor's behalf. We may also provide such third parties with details about your
engagement with the advertisement or Sponsored Program (e.g., whether you viewed or
otherwise interacted with certain content), your answers to any questions contained in the
Sponsored Program and information about you that we have received from third parties.
Additionally, when you register as a member of the OpenEvidence Platform, we may provide
your personal information (but not your email or postal address) to potential sponsors of
advertisements and Sponsored Programs that may be offered or provided to you through the
Services, subject to applicable law. Please review the Privacy Policies of these third parties to
familiarize yourself with their practices. All advertisements and Sponsored Programs (including
any links to Sponsored Programs) made available within the OpenEvidence Platform, including
through emails, will be identified to you by the label Advertisement, Information from Industry,
Sponsored, OpenEvidence Inc. Professional or some similar designation indicating that the
content, which may pertain to a particular medical condition, therapy, product or service, has
been selected by a third-party sponsor.

---
• Member Profiles. Subject to applicable law, OpenEvidence Inc. may provide Member Profiles,
and portions thereof, (excluding contact information and information about your participation in
specific named CME and CE activities) to third parties, including our advertising customers,
which these third parties may use for their business purposes including marketing.

---
• Network Profiles. Your Network Profile may be viewable by other members of the
OpenEvidence Platform for personalization purposes described above and to allow you to view
and connect with other members of the OpenEvidence Platform.

---
• Market Research. If you receive remuneration for participating in a market research program
offered through our Services, we may provide your personal information to our payment
fulfillment vendor so that it can process and deliver your payment to you and for its
recordkeeping and regulatory compliance purposes, and also to the program sponsor (or the
market research company acting on its behalf) for its recordkeeping and regulatory compliance
purposes. If you choose to access a survey that is conducted by a third party market research
company, we may identify you to this company. Sometimes market research companies send
us lists of individuals they wish to reach with particular market research opportunities and we
may inform these companies which of these individuals are members of the OpenEvidence
Platform so that they can manage their recruitment needs accordingly. Also, certain market
research opportunities require us or the market research company to contact you directly to
conduct the survey, including by telephone. We will inform you in the research invitation if you
will be required to provide additional contact information, e.g., phone number, to participate so
that you can decide at that time if you wish to proceed with the opportunity. We do not disclose
your survey responses to the sponsor in a manner that identifies you.

---
• Adverse Event Reporting. If you provide us information about an adverse event regarding a
pharmaceutical product or medical device, we may be required to report such information
along with your contact information to the manufacturer as required for it to fulfill its reporting
obligations to the applicable regulatory authority. If you do not want this information reported to
the applicable manufacturer and regulatory authority, then do not provide us with adverse
event information.

---
• Consent. We may disclose your personal information to a third party in a manner not
addressed by this Privacy Policy subject to your consent at such time.

---
• Aggregated Information. We may provide aggregated information about users of our Services
to third parties as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. For example, OpenEvidence Inc.
may tell a customer what percentage of registered users of the OpenEvidence Platform reside
in a particular geographical area or specialize in a particular clinical area, or what percentage
of participants in a market research survey selected a particular response to a survey question.

---
• Social Widgets. We may include social widgets within our websites and apps which enable you
to interact with the associated social media services, e.g., to share an article. These widgets
may collect browsing data which may be received by the third party that provided the widget,
and are controlled by these third parties. You may be able to manage your privacy preferences
directly with the applicable social network platform.

---
• Affiliates. We may share your information with any member of our group of companies
(meaning our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries) for their use for
the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to market to you through a variety of
channels as described herein, subject to applicable law.

---
• Business Transfers. In connection with a corporate change in control resulting from, for
example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a
bankruptcy, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information to the new party in
control or the party acquiring assets. In the event of such a change, your personal information
will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as may be modified as
described below.

---
• Legal Requirements. We may release personal information when we believe release (i) is
required to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant,
subpoena or court order and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; or (ii)
is reasonable in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or
assert legal rights of us or others.

---
• Cookies. Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies, including third party cookies,
however, if you choose to reject our cookies, your ability to access and use our Services will be
limited.

---
Note to Users Outside of the United States
OpenEvidence Inc. and most of our group companies are located in the United States, as is a
majority of the OpenEvidence Platform's technical infrastructure including its data hosting facilities.
In order to provide the Services to you, we will likely transfer your personal information outside of
your country of residence including to the United States where it will be stored and processed in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may transfer your information outside the United States to
service providers with operations in other countries. As part of providing you the Services, personal
data is transferred to OpenEvidence Inc. in the US. This means that if you are located in the EU, your
personal data is transferred to the US which is not considered to have the same level of data
protection as in the EU. Therefore if you are in the EU or any country with stricter privacy laws than
the US, please do not use OpenEvidence or any of its related services and sites as it is not governed
or protected by EU safeguards.

---
Note that your personal information may be available to the United States government or its agencies
under legal process made in the United States.