Before accessing or using Our Services, please ensure that You have read and understood how We collect,
store, use, and disclose Your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: 2.Data We Collect and Receive]
- payment data, when You purchase any Services from Us, including information necessary to process Your
orders with the relevant payment provider, which may include the amount of any transaction, but WILL NOT
INCLUDE Your name, financial information, or cardholder data, which will only be submitted directly to the
payment service provider under secure protocols; You can find further information in the current data
protection guidelines of the respective payment providers. When You make in-app purchases within the
mobile application, we do not collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This
information is collected and stored by Your platform (e.g. Apple Store or Google Play) or Your platform's
payment processor.

---
2.2.4. Data Collected Automatically via Cookies and Related Technologies

When you visit our website or use our mobile software, We and Our business partners may collect certain
data about your PC or device using technologies such as cookies, web cookies, log files, or any other
tracking/recording tools. The information We collect using the tracking technologies includes but is not
limited to the IP addresses, browser information, links to/exits and URLs, streaming data and information
regarding how you interact with the web links, website, mobile software or Service, domain names, landing
pages, page views, cookies data which allow us to uniquely identify your browser and monitor the behaviour
of your browser at Our website, type of mobile device or other permanent identifiers. Some or all of this data
may be combined with other personally identifying information specified above.

---
We may use first-party cookies that belong to us and that we place on your device and third-party cookies
that another party places on your browsing device when You visit our site. Third parties setting cookies on
Our website will be providing a service to Us or a function of the Site, but We do not always control how third-
party cookies are used. You should check the third party's website for more information about how they use
cookies.

---
Marketing. We may use cookies or similar technologies to help us deliver marketing campaigns and track
their performance. Similarly, our partners may use cookies to provide us with information about your
interactions with their services and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness and allow more
effective targeted advertising, but the use of those third-party cookies would be subject to the service
provider's policies. We do not use or share the child's personal information for the purposes of targeted
advertising.

---
We may use third-party analytics providers software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our
software on your device, including but not limited to, Google Analytics, Firebase, Facebook Analytica
(collectively "Third Party Analytics Providers”). This software may record information such as how often You
use the Services, the events that occur within the Services, aggregated usage, performance data, and where
our Software was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to
any personal data You submit within the Services.

---
The following is the non-exhaustive list of third parties that we use for analytics:

Paymentwall (USA)
We are using the aforementioned services for processing transactions. For more information about their
privacy practices please see https://www.paymentwall.com/privacypolicy..

---
Firebase (a country of the owner of this service depends on your country)
Firebase helps us understand clearly how Users behave, which enables You to make informed decisions
regarding app marketing and performance optimizations. For more information about Firebase privacy
practices, please see https://firebase.google.com/terms/analytics.

---
Google Analytics (USA)
Google Analytics collects information such as how often Users visit this Site, what pages they visit when they
do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Site. Google's ability to use and share
information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Services is restricted by the Google
Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
prevent Google Analytics from recognizing You on return visits to this Site by disabling cookies on your
browser or mobile device. For more information about Google Analytics, please see the Google Privacy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en). To prevent Google Analytics from using your data through a
web browser, you can get the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
(https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

---
Facebook Analytics (a country of the owner of this service depends on your country)
Solution for analytics that helps to understand how You use our Services. For more information about
Facebook Analytics privacy practices, please see the https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy.

---
AppsFlyer (USA), Adjust (a country of the owner of this service depends on your country)
We are using the aforementioned services for attribution and marketing analytics services that allows us
measure and analyze the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing
campaigns contributed to the installation of our mobile applications and such other conversion metric; and
measure and analyze certain events and actions within our applications, such as in-app purchases made by
End Users. For more information about AppsFlyer privacy practices, please see the
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/ and https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-
policy/.

---
[SECTION: 3. Children's Personal Data]
3.2.1. Information sharing. The Company may share or disclose a child's personal information with Our third-
party service providers and business partners as described in our Privacy Policy. However, we do not use or
share personal information collected from the accounts of children under 13 for marketing or advertising
purposes, nor permit our third-party partners to collect and use such information for advertising purposes.
Please review the section of our Privacy Policy called “Who We Share Your Data With” to learn more about
how we share information with our service providers, partners, and others.

---
3.2.2. Sharing information with other users. The child's profile information and geolocation, sound around
the device or audio data, usage statistics, fitness data, or activity recognition data will be shared with the
parent through the "Kidsy" app connected to the same profile as described in this Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: 5. Who We Share Your Data With]
5. Who We Share Your Data With

5.1. We share information we collect about You in the ways discussed below and only when necessary for
the performance of a contract with You, compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or based
on our legitimate interests. We may share Your with third-party service providers that perform services for us
or on our behalf, which may include providing payment, email services, fraud prevention or analytic services,
or other service providers as specified below. We are not in the business of selling information about You to
advertisers or other third parties. While a third party may have access to Your personal data in connection
with the performance of services for the Company, it may not use such information for any purpose other
than providing its services.

---
5.2. Hosting Services: we may use third-party companies to host information or provide the infrastructure
that helps with the delivery of Our Services. Such partners include: Selectel Ltd
(https://selectel.ru/en/about/documents/) and Hetzner Online GmbH.
https://www.hetzner.com/legal/privacy-policy.

---
5.3. Customer Support Services: we engage third parties to help Us provide customer support for some
territories and products. Such companies may have access to Your personal data, including personal data
that You may provide in your customer support requests. Such partners include: Intercom, Inc.
(https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy)

---
5.4. Email service providers. We use the Rocket Science Group LLC (“Mailchimp")
https://www.intuit.com/privacy/statement/ and eSputnik Inc. partners to send You email notifications; these
partners may have access to Your email address.

---
5.5. Advertising and Advertising Measurement Partners: we may share Your personal information in order to
facilitate targeting, delivery, and measurement of online advertising on third-party services, or otherwise
facilitate the transmission of information that may be useful, relevant, or of interest to you. Such partners

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
include: Facebook Inc. (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/). We do not share children's personal
information for these purposes.

---
5.6. Sharing anonymous information: we also may share with third parties anonymous or aggregated
information or other data that does not directly identify You, such as to show trends about the use of the
Services. We may share aggregate or anonymous information about You with advertisers, publishers,
business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. We may also allow Our third-party advertisers to collect
anonymous information and aggregated information within the Services and they may then share that
information with Us. Our advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies
like cookies and web beacons. This enables our advertisers to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the
Services and on the websites of third parties so that they can try to serve You with advertisements for
products and services that are most likely to be of interest to You. Advertisers will also use this information
to monitor, improve, or modify their operations.

---
5.7. Publicly available information: Our Sites may offer publicly available chats, forums, and blogs that are
viewable by others. Please note that You post publicly available information at your own risk. We are not
liable for any information that You voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other explicit actions.
You should be aware that any information you provide on these communication services -including your
Account information may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these
communication services. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these
Services. To request removal of Your personal information from publicly accessible websites operated by Us,
please contact us as specified below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in
which case we will let You know if we are unable to, and why.

---
5.8. Change of control: we may share your data as part of our company's sale, merger or change in control,
or in preparation for any of these events. Any entity that buys Us, or part of Our business, will have the right
to continue using Your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy, unless You agree otherwise.

---
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by any law and also
when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect Our rights and/or to comply with judicial
proceedings, court orders, or legal process.

---
[SECTION: 6. Third-Party Websites and Services]
6. Third-Party Websites and Services

6.1. Third parties may collect Your information. There are a number of places on or through the Services
where You may click on a link to access other websites, services or web resources that are not affiliated or
connected with Us and do not operate under this Privacy Policy. For example, if You click on an ad, you may
be taken to a website that we do not control. These third-party websites may independently collect
information, including Your personal information, from You. We advise you to check the privacy policies of all
third-party websites you visit.

---
[SECTION: 9. International Data Transfers]
9. International Data Transfers

9.1. Our Service is global by nature and Your and Your child's data can therefore be transferred to anywhere
in the world. We transfer, process, and store Your information outside of Your country of residence, to
wherever We or Our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services.
Whenever we transfer Your information, We take steps to protect it.

---
9.2. International transfers to third parties. Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy that
provide services to Us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have privacy and data
protection laws equivalent to those of the country in which you reside. When we share the information of
customers in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we make use of the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks, European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses,
or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer. We will provide you with a copy of the
standard data protection clauses upon your request.

---
[SECTION: 10. Your Rights and Options]
10.10.2. Data Portability: Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your personal information in a
format that you can move from one service provider to another (for instance, when you transfer your email
address to another carrier). Depending on the context, this applies to some, but not to all of your data.