Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains how Investment Analytics Sp. z o.o., ul. B. Chrobrego 4, 12 - 100 Szczytno, TAX ID: 7451838341, Regon: 280617054,
KRS: 0000387722 ("Investment Analytics Sp. z o.o." or "we") collects, stores, uses, transfers and shares personal data of our users ("you") in
connection with the Medic Scanner mobile application (the "Application")* and the medicscanner.com website, including any products and services
related thereto (the "Website") (collectively, the "Services"). Investment Analytics Sp. z o.o. is the "data controller."

---
Data from external sources. We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties. For example, we may obtain information from third
parties to enrich or supplement existing information about you for, among other things, customizing and personalizing your service and for
statistical and analytical purposes, as described below.

---
[SECTION: 2. How we use your Personal Information]
| Purpose of processing | Legal basis for processing | Example |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Customizing product and service offerings and making recommendations for you, including third-party products and offers | Approval | We can offer you a discount on future subscriptions and inform you about third-party offers |

---
[SECTION: 4. Third parties processing your Personal Data]
We will not share your Personal Information with any third parties, except as specified below.
Processing to acquire new Medic Scanner users and stay in touch with you
With your consent, we may share certain Personal Information unrelated to your health for marketing and promotional purposes. By using partners
for marketing and promotional purposes, we are able to reach you and similar individuals through various platforms and spread the word about
Medic Scanner. If we need to share your Personal Information with other platforms for the mentioned purpose we will ask for your consent.
In some situations, we engage other companies to process your Personal Data on our behalf. We refer to these as "data processors".
These are companies that help us run the Services, support the communications occurring between you and us, or perform other activities related to
the Application. They may process certain Personal Data to achieve the purposes of the features of the Application and related activities. We are
fully responsible for any acts or omissions of these processors and enter into formal data processing agreements with them, to the extent required
by applicable law.
Here is a list of our main data processors:

---
| Type | Data processor | Privacy policy of the data processor | Data collected | Target |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Infrastructure and security | AWS (Amazon Web Services, Inc.) | AWS Privacy Policy (https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/) | All Personal Information | storage of all personal data when using the application |
| Infrastructure and security | AuthO (AuthO, Inc.) | AuthO privacy and cookie policy (https://auth0.com/privacy/) | E-mail address IP address Name; | verification and authorization services |
| Payments | Apple (Apple, Inc.) | Apple Privacy Policy (https://support.apple.com/en- us/HT210584) | Payment information and bank details Personal badges | enabling the collection and processing of application subscription payments |
| Payments | Google (Google LLC, USA) | Google Privacy Policy (https://policies.google.com/privacy) | Payment information and bank details Personal badges | enabling the collection and processing of application subscription payments |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
| Website, Internet Services | - | - | When you use the Website and Online Services, certain third parties may collect information about your visits and activities through cookies or other tracking technologies (i.e. special pixels) and for various purposes, such as analytics or the need to improve performance. You can learn more about cookies and how to block them in our Privacy Policy. | |

---
Google reCAPTCHA service
We use Google's reCAPTCHA service on the payment pages of our Website. The reCAPTCHA distinguishes data entered by humans from data
entered by machines. Google's reCAPTCHA service collects information (e.g. IP address, time spent on the website or mouse movements made by
the visitor) for analysis. Google's reCAPTCHA service then transmits information to Medic Scanner that you are a human and not a robot. More
information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at the highlighted links.

---
Combined information
Occasionally, we may aggregate and anonymize your Personal Data or strip it of identifiable elements in such a way that it cannot be used to
establish your identity. Such data ceases to be Personal Data. We may share such data with our partners or research institutions or use such data for
statistical purposes, for example, we may share or use general age information, demographic information and aggregate statistics about specific
activities or symptoms from collected data to help identify patterns among users in articles, blog posts and scientific publications. Sharing such data
contributes to the advancement of health research. Our legal basis for processing your data for this purpose is legitimate interest.

---
Information posted by you
Any information (including Personal Information) shared in any area reserved for the online community or in an online discussion is generally
available to all members of the Application community. We recommend that you think carefully before posting Personal Information in any public
forum. What you post may be read, disclosed or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including,
to contact you for illegal purposes. If you accidentally post Personal Information in social posts on our services and wish to remove it, please send us
a message at. pomoc@medicscanner.com (mailto:pomoc@medicscanner.com).

---
Special circumstances
We may share your Personal Information under the following special circumstances:
- in response to subpoenas, warrants or lawsuits, to the extent required and limited by law (including when national security or law enforcement
requires it);
- when disclosure helps to ensure the security and integrity of the Services or enables us to provide security to users or others, in accordance with
applicable law. In such cases, we may delete some of your Personal Information (e.g., by resetting your password to prevent unauthorized access);
- When the disclosure of data is made at the request or with the consent of the user who entered the data in the application;
- for business transitions (mergers, asset sales, acquisitions, liquidations or sales of part of assets), in which data transfers are most common.
Depending on the circumstances, we may rely on legitimate interest or legal obligation as our legal basis for the above processing activities.

---
[SECTION: 7. Communication with users]
We would like to remind you that we may contact you to provide you with information about products, services, offers, promotions, prizes and
events, ours or others, through third-party platforms (e.g. social media). For more information on withdrawing consent, please see the section below
titled "Processing to find new Medic Scanner users and keep in touch with them."

---
[SECTION: 8. Storage and international transfer of Personal Data]
Medic Scanner is based in Poland ("PL"). The Personal Information we collect is transferred to and processed in Poland (where it is subject to Polish
law) and in other countries (where it is subject to the laws of those countries). Please note that the laws of Poland and the laws of other countries do
not always offer the same degree of protection as the laws of your country's jurisdiction.
Transfer of personal data outside the European Union, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom
Personal data in the European Union (EU), EEA and United Kingdom (UK) is protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the
Data Protection Act 2018, but some other countries may not necessarily offer the same standard of protection for your Personal Data.
Medic Scanner transfers Personal Data from the EU, EEA and UK to the US and other third countries. When transferring Personal Data outside the
EU, EEA and UK, we implement standard contractual clauses or rely on current European Commission adequacy decisions. For more information,
please contact us at. pomoc@medicscanner.com (mailto pomoc@medicscanner.com)