Disclosure of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when
and with whom we may share the information we collect.
•
•
•
Authorized third-party vendors and service providers: We send the information
you provide directly to us, the information we collect automatically, and the
information we collect from other sources to services that process data for us for
business purposes related to providing products or services you've requested
(such as payment processing, analytics, error logging, customer interactions, and
data processing and storage).
Business transfers: We may transfer any of the information we collect about you
if Expo is acquired by or merged with another company, in connection with a
substantial corporate transaction (e.g. asset sale, initial public offering, or in the
unlikely event of bankruptcy).
Legal purposes: We may disclose any of the information we collect to respond to
subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims
or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety,
and security of Expo, our affiliates, users, or the public (including responding to
illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the
physical safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Service).
•
Consent: We may share any of the information we collect for any other
purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to
your consent.
---
If you access third-party services -- such as social media services -- through the
Services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you,
including information about your activity on the Services, and they may notify your
connections on the third-party services about your use of the Site, in accordance
with their own privacy policies.
---
If you choose to engage in public activities on the Services, you should be aware that
any information you share there can be read, collected, or used by other users of
these areas. You should use caution in disclosing information while participating in
these areas. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these
public areas.
---
Expo does not sell your information to third parties. Expo does permit third parties to
collect the information described above through our Service and discloses such
information with third parties for business purposes as described in this Privacy
Policy. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this
Privacy Policy.
---
International Transfers
We may transfer and store your information on servers located outside your resident
jurisdiction. To the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States,
you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in
accordance with this Privacy Policy.
---
Some of the entities (such as third-party vendors) to which we disclose information
may be located outside of the EEA or UK, including in countries that might not provide
the same level of data protection or redress means as your home country. We take
appropriate steps to ensure that such personnel and third-party vendors are bound to
duties of confidentiality, and the Company implements measures such as standard
data protection contractual clauses to ensure that any transferred information remains
protected and secure. A copy of these clauses can be obtained by contacting us via
our contact form. Where we need to transfer your data to provide you a Service, we
may rely on the derogation “transfer necessary for the performance of a contract", as
permitted by law.
---
Data Privacy Framework: Expo complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework,
the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively,
the "Data Privacy Framework") regarding the collection, use, and retention of
personal information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and
Switzerland to the United States. We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of
Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the UK
Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, and the Swiss-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy
Framework Principles will govern.
---
If we have received your personal information in the United States and subsequently
transfer that information to a third party acting as our agent and such a third party
agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Data
Privacy Framework Principles, we will remain liable unless we prove we are not
responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
---
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, we commit to resolve
complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information
transferred to the United States persuant to the Data Privacy Framework. EU, UK, and
Swiss individuals with Data Privacy Framework inquiries or complaints should first
contact us via our contact form. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, we commit to
cooperating with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs),
the UK Information Commissioner (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and
the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), as
applicable, and to comply with the advice given by them in respect of the compliant.
---
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose information about you under the
Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities,
including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
---
Privacy Shield: The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework supersede the
former EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks. Before the
introduction of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework, Expo previously complied with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom to the
United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. Expo will continue to protect personal
information from the EEA or the UK according to the standards of the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework, Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and applicable EU
law where personal information has already been transferred to the U.S. on the
basis of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield prior to their
being replaced.
---
Use of Information and Purpose of Data Processing
Information will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes
set out above, in accordance with applicable laws. We maintain reasonable security
measures to safeguard information from loss, theft interference, misuse, unauthorized
access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We also maintain reasonable
procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its intended use and is
accurate, complete, and current. You should understand that no data storage system
or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be
guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, accurate, complete, or current. Please note that
information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as
information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of
such information. You can see a list of services we use here.
---
Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security
protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting
the security of such information.