The purposes for which Our Company collects Personal Information are as follows:
(1) To provide services etc. fitting for a customer;
(2) To deliver goods, prizes etc. a customer has ordered or applied for;
(3) To confirm or announce necessary information in relation to above (1) and (2)
(including inquiry to financial institution and credit card company etc. for
settlement procedure.)
(4) To report the result etc. of survey or event etc. to those who have cooperated or
participated in.
(5) To announce information relating to service to a customer;
(6) To improve Our Company's service and to develop new service;
(7) To respond inquiry from a customer;
(8) Prevention or taking measures of wrongful act;
(9) To announce goods, services and/or event and to deliver present or survey
provided by associated companies etc.
---
* As to Special care-required personal information including medical history, Our
Company shall comply with APPI when collecting, using and providing, for example,
obtaining consent from a customer prior to collection.
---
4. Joint Use of Personal Data

Our Company and group companies of Our Company may jointly use Personal Information
collected by them within Shueisha Group. For detail of joint use, please read here.
---
5.Provision of Personal Information to Contractor

Our Company may commission process of Personal Information to a third party located in Japa
to the extent necessary for the prescribed purpose of processing. Our Company shall limit the
contractors for such commission to those Our Company deems reliable, and Our Company shal
in accordance with Our Company's Personal Information Guideline, take necessary measures so
that customers' Personal Information is properly protected by such contractors. Our Company
may commission to a foreign third party and provides Personal Information to such a third part
within the scope permitted by APPI. So, for example, Our Company ensures that such a third
party has established system necessary to continuously comply with rules corresponding to
APPI.
---
6. Provision of Personal Information to a Third Party

Our Company shall not provide collected Personal Information to a third party without
obtaining prior consent from a customer; provided that Our Company may provide Personal
Information to a third party in any of the following cases:

(1) Cases based on laws and regulations including inquiry pursuant to Criminal
Procedure Law;
(2) Cases where it is necessary to protect a human life, body or property, and it is
difficult to obtain a his/her consent
(3) Cases where there is a special need to enhance public hygiene or promote sound
fostering of children;
(4) Cases where requested to provide by public authorities such as state and Our
Company deems appropriate to cooperate.

* Our Company may provide to a third party collected Personal Information
as anonymously processed information, after properly processing the
same so as not to be able to identify a specific individual in accordance
with laws and regulations or as Statistical Information, by which
specific individual cannot be identified.
* When Our Company provides Personal Information to a third party upon
customers' prior approval, Our Company requires those who received
Personal Information in writing to control said Personal Information
appropriately and safely.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
(4) Third Party Cookie
On the website Our Company operates, third parties, partner companies of Our
Company or sponsor companies may, by Our Company's permission, send to, accept
from and use their cookies on customers for the purposes, for example, of
developing new services and improving existing services including indicating
personalized content and advertisement for customer's review based on one's
attribute that does not include each customer's Personal Information; indicating
advertisement of Our Company on various websites on the internet; analyzing use
of service of Our Company by customer (including measuring effect of
advertisement and content indicated on the website operated by Our Company).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Cookies collected through such process are stored not at Our Company's server but
at those of partner companies and third parties and treated in accordance with
applicable privacy policy of each company. Customer can invalidate such cookie
information retained by partner company or third parties by accessing opt-out
(invalidate) page of each company by yourself.
---
(5) Behavioral Targeting Advertisement A service, categorizing customers according to
their interests and preferences based on their behavioral history and displaying
relevant internet advertisement depending on such categorization, is called as
behavioral targeting advertisement. Part of the advertisement displayed on the
websites operated by Our Company are distributed by partners of Our Company.
Some of such advertisement includes behavioral targeting advertisement by using
cookie etc. As to opt-out (invalidation) of behavioral targeting advertisement by
partner companies, please visit each website of such partner companies and take
necessary steps. - To see partner companies of Our Company as stated above (4)
and (5), please see here.
---
4. Joint Use of Personal Information

Our Company jointly use Personal Information collected by customers, as follows:

(1) Information subject to Joint Use:
- All the information related to customer's Personal Information Our Company has
collected.
(2) Who jointly use:
- Shueisha and its group companies. To see the list of Shueisha's group companies,
please see here.
(3) Purpose of Processing:
- As stated in “Purpose of Processing Personal Information” in “SHUEISHA Privacy
Guideline."
(4) Name of Person in Charge of Control of Personal Information Subject to Joint Use
- Shueisha Inc.:
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
■ Partner Companies

Google Admob
Google AdSense
Facebook, Inc. Facebook, Inc.