1.3 We may collect and use your personal data for any or all of the following purposes:
(a) performing obligations under a contract or in the course of or in connection with our
provision of the goods and/or services requested by you;
(b) verifying your identity;
(c) responding to, handling, assessing queries, requests, applications, complaints, vacancy
requests, and feedback;
(d) managing your relationship with us;
(e) sending you marketing information, including but not limited to surveys and questionnaires,
about our products or services;
(f) complying with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, directives or
rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or
regulatory authority;
(g) any other purposes for which you have provided the information;
(h) transmitting information to any affiliated third parties, including our third party service
providers and agents, and relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, whether in
Europe or no EU jurisdictions, for the aforementioned purposes in this section;
(i) any other incidental business purposes related to or in connection with the above;
(j) update, fix errors, administer and improve the features and functionality of our applications
and associated services;
(k) to analyze application performance via collection of statistical data.

---

We provide our services in collaboration with companies that provide services on our behalf,
such as handling the processing and delivery of information, publication of information in the
applications, delivery of content and services provided by the applications and services of our
websites, or performing statistical analysis on the use of the applications and the
aforementioned services. These service providers will be given limited access to your information
as is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service, and we will require that such third parties
comply with this Privacy Policy, or operate under a similar privacy policy.

---

We do not sell, rent, lease or freely distribute our mailing lists to any third party.

---

When you voluntarily disclose your personal information in your profile, on forums and comment
online in forum /chat areas, it becomes publicly available and can be viewed by other users.
Forums, chats, and other areas of the community of users of our applications, that are available
through our websites and applications, are public. In such areas, you should not disclose any
information that can be used to establish your identity or the identity of any other person. We
are not responsible for the security and protection of information disclosed by you in such areas.

---

5. Data Transfers outside the EEA
We have global presence with representative offices located to Singapore, Australia, Turkey, UAE,
Pakistan, Thailand and Japan. We may have processors in different countries around the world
and thus your personal data may be processed, used or transferred outside the EEA. We ensure
that all necessary safeguards and security measures are in place, as deemed appropriate, under
the relevant national, international laws.

---

(a) the right to access
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and,
where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That
additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of
personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and
freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data.

---

(e) the right to object to processing
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your
particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is necessary for
the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official
authority vested in us or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third
party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we
can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests,
rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
claims.