The Services, App and Website do not include any
third party advertising, including any targeted
advertising.
---
Kahoot! does not collect, retain, use or share
students' Personal Information, except as necessary
for authorized school purposes, at the direction of
our school and school district customers and
pursuant to our agreements with them. Without
limitation, this means that:

• We do not sell students' Personal Information.
• We do not serve third party ads (including
targeted ads) on our platforms and do not use
information we collect from students or others
to serve targeted ads on other services. Kahoot!
does not use or disclose information collected
through the School Services for any targeted
advertising purposes.
---
Our handling of candidate information

We use a recruitment vendor to assist with our
recruitment process. The recruitment vendor
processes Personal Information as a processor on
our behalf, they are only entitled to process your
Personal Information in accordance with our
instructions.
---
When you apply for a job opening via a Partner's
website or application, you should note that the
relevant Partner may retain your Personal
Information and may also collect data from us in
respect of the progress of your application. Any use
by the Partner of your data will be in accordance
with the relevant Partner's own privacy notice.
---
• Payment details. Billing address and the last
four digits and expiration of a stored credit
card, or other payment information and
financial information that we/our payment
processors need in order to provide the
Services;
---
• Communication data. Several of our Services
let you share information with other people,
and you have the control over what you share
and with whom you share. For example, when
signed in and interacting with certain Kahoot!
Services, such as leaving comments on the
Websites, you may disclose Personal
Information to us and the general public. We
strongly advise that you limit the disclosure of
Personal Information through, for example,
comments. Remember, when you share
Personal Information publicly, for example
through the comment section on our Website,
the information you disclose may become
publicly available and accessible through
search engines. Leaving comments on the
Websites is unavailable to Children. All
comments are reviewed manually for
appropriateness before being posted. If you
disclose Personal Information through
comments within a Kahoot! group
participation, i.e. not the general public, please
note that the information you disclose will be
available to other group participants. Kahoot!
group participation is only available on certain
plans (it is not available on Children plans) and
all group members must be part of the same
plan;
---
• Student Data collected at a teacher's
direction. Certain features of the School
Services permit a teacher to collect information
about the class, as well as about individual
students, such as games played, results,
answers submitted when playing Kahoot!
games and performance on Kahoot! games.
We use such information only to provide the
Services to the teacher, such as to permit the
teacher to interact with students and track
their progress over time. A school or teacher
may permit students to share information with
others, such as with other students in the same
class, school or school district. Kahoot! acts as a
processor when processing Student Data; and
---
2.7 Anonymized information: Where appropriate,
Kahoot! anonymizes information collected
automatically before using it. Subject to applicable
law and our agreements with our customers, we
may use and disclose such anonymized information
for any purpose, including for analytics purposes, to
help us understand how our products are used and
improve upon them. We will not seek to re-identify
any information that we have anonymized.
---
[SECTION: 3. Use of Personal Information]
We do not sell Personal Information and we do
not share Personal Information with third-parties
for marketing purposes. For purposes of the CCРА,
"sale" means the disclosure of Personal Information
for monetary or other valuable consideration but
does not include, for example, the transfer of
Personal Information as an asset that is part of a
merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any
portion of our business.
---
[SECTION: 4. Third-Party Applications and
websites]
We may use the Personal Information we collect or
receive through the Service, as a processor and as
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, to enable
your use of the integrations and plugins you choose
to connect to your Kahoot! account. For instance, if
you choose to connect a Google integration to your
Kahoot! account, we'll ask you to grant Us
permission to view and/or download, as applicable,
your Google Sheets, Google Contacts and Google
Drive. This allows us to configure your Google
integration(s) in accordance with your preferences.
---
We also integrate with third-parties that make
available content, products, and/or services to you,
such as the YouTube API for videos. Use of these
Third-Party Applications is optional. The Third-Party
Applications may have their own privacy policies
that apply to you when you choose to use these
Third-Party Applications, including but not limited to
YouTube whose privacy notice is located at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
---
The Third-Party Applications may collect Personal
Information about you but we do not share Personal
Information with them.
---
The Services and Websites include social media
features, such as social media plug-ins with Twitter,
LinkedIn, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook. Your
interactions with those features and platforms are
governed by the privacy policies of the companies
that provide them.
---
The Websites include links to other websites, whose
privacy practices may be different from ours. If you
submit Personal Information to any of those sites,
your information is governed by their privacy
policies. We encourage you to carefully read the
privacy policy of any website you visit.
---
• the right to have certain Personal Information
transferred to another Controller, in a
structured, commonly used and machine-
readable format, to the extent applicable;
---
[SECTION: 6. Sharing your Personal
Information]
We do not share Personal Information with third-
parties except in the limited circumstances outlined
below.

• you and, where appropriate, your appointed
representatives.
• Affiliates. We may share and disclose your
Personal Information with the companies in
the Kahoot! Group, for our legitimate business
purposes or to provide services that may
include one or more of our Group Companies.
• Service providers. We may share Personal
Information with our trusted service providers
who perform services on our behalf (e.g. web
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
hosting, technical support, processing of
payment, analytics services and content
provision), but strictly for the purpose of
carrying out work on our behalf as described in
this Privacy Notice. For example, companies
we've hired to help us provide and support our
Services or assist in protecting and securing our
systems and services and other business-
related functions.
• Recruitment partners. We may share your
Personal Information with:
    ◦ Third-party service providers such as our
      recruitment vendor, who use it only in
      accordance with our instructions and as
      required by law.
    ◦ Where you have applied for a job opening
      through our recruitment vendor, and
      where you have consented to this
      disclosure, we will disclose to them certain
      Personal Information that we hold,
      including but not limited to a unique
      identifier used by our recruitment vendor
      to identify you, and information about
      your progress through our hiring process
      for the applicable job opening, as well as
      tangible, intangible, visual, electronic,
      present, or future information that we
      hold about you, such as your name,
      contact details and other information
      involving analysis of data relating to you as
      an applicant for employment (collectively
      "Disposition Data"). Our recruitment
      vendor's Privacy Notice in respect of their
      use of the Disposition Data is available on
      their website.
    ◦ Where you have applied to a job opening
      through another service provider, we may
      disclose data similar to the Disposition
      Data defined above to such service
      provider. The service provider shall be the
      data controller of this data and shall
      therefore be responsible for complying
      with all applicable law in respect of the
      use of that data following its transfer by us.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Social media partners. Kahoot! may cooperate
with social media channels to promote our
Services, both on our Websites and third-party
websites. Notwithstanding the above, we never
share information about Children for the
purposes or with the parties described in this
section.
• Public institution(s). Any competent law
enforcement body, regulatory body,
government agency, court or other third-party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (a) as
a matter of applicable law or regulation, or by
order of a competent court, (b) to exercise,
establish, or defend our legal rights, or (c) to
protect your vital interests or those of any other
person.
• A potential buyer (and its agents and advisors)
in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation,
liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. In
that event, any acquirer will be subject to our
obligations under this Privacy Notice, including
your rights to access and choice. We will notify
you of the change either by sending you an
email or posting a notice on our Website.
• Professional advisors. Accountants, auditors,
consultants, lawyers and other outside
professional advisors to Kahoot!, subject to
binding contractual obligations of
confidentiality.
• Any other person with your consent, or where
required by applicable law or court order, or for
the purposes of prevention, investigation,
detection or prosecution of criminal offences or
the execution of criminal penalties, or for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal
claims.
• Any relevant third-party provider, where our
Websites use third-party plugins or content. If
you choose to interact with any such plugins or
content, your Personal Information may be
shared with the relevant third-party provider.
We recommend that you review that third-
party's privacy policy before interacting with its
plugins or content.
---
Regardless of the above, Kahoot! does not sell
Personal Information and we will never share or sell
Student Data for marketing purposes.
---
We may also share anonymized, aggregated
information with selected third-parties for statistical
purposes (for example, see section 2 above).
---
We are responsible for the data privacy of the service
providers we may share Personal Information with.
Kahoot! only uses service providers that have data
protection and security standards consistent with
our own. Our service providers are not permitted to
use Personal Information they process on our behalf
for any other purposes than as needed to carry out
their work for us. We enter into written agreements
with all of our service providers restricting the use of
Personal Information and imposing the same level
of privacy, confidentiality and information security
that apply to Kahoot!.
---
[SECTION: 8. International Transfers]
We collect information globally and may transfer,
process and store your information outside of your
country of residence, to wherever we or our third-
party service providers operate for the purposes
identified in Section 3.1 above. This may involve
countries where the data protection, privacy rights
and other laws may not be as comprehensive as in
your country. Whenever we transfer your
information, we take steps, including preventive
measures, designed to protect your Personal
Information.
---
For all international transfers, both within the
Kahoot! Group or to our sub-processors, we ensure
that the recipient of your Personal Information offers
an adequate level of protection by entering into
appropriate agreements. All international transfers
to a Third Country are made based on an
appropriate legal basis, including to a country who
has received a finding of adequacy by the European
Commission or the UK for the purposes of Article 45
of the GDPR / UK GDPR (as applicable), including
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, including the
UK and Swiss extensions, or on the basis of executed
standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission or the Information
Commissioner's Office (“SCCs").
---
Kahoot! maintains strict organizational and
technical measures to protect Personal Information
stored on our, and our trusted third-parties', servers.
For example, access to any Personal Information we
process in order to provide the Services is limited
through login credentials, multi-factor
authentication, access on a need-to-know basis and
restricted access to administrative accounts for the
employees who require access in order to perform
their duties towards you, such as providing support
services.
---
Please note that when you transfer any Personal
Information directly to any Kahoot! entity
established outside the UK or the EEA (as
applicable), we are not responsible for that transfer
of your Personal Information. We will nevertheless
process your Personal Information, from the point at
which we receive those data, in accordance with the
provisions of this Privacy Notice.
---
[SECTION: 10. California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Delaware, lowa,
Montana, Nebraska, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon,
Texas, Utah, and Virginia
Consumers]
This section supplements our Privacy Policy and
provides additional details regarding our collection,
use,
and disclosure of Personal Information relating to
consumers in California, Colorado, Connecticut,
Delaware, lowa, Montana, Nebraska, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and
Virginia.
---
Collection, Processing, and Disclosure of Personal
Information

The following chart details the categories of
Personal Information we collect and process, as well
as the
categories we disclose to third parties for our
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
operational business purposes, including within the
12
months preceding the date this Privacy Policy was
last modified.
---
Collection, Processing, and Disclosure of Sensitive
Personal Information

Subject to your consent where required by
applicable law, we collect, process, and disclose
Sensitive Personal Information for purposes of
providing goods or services as requested; ensuring
safety, security, and integrity; countering wrongful or
unlawful actions; performing services for our
business, including maintaining and servicing
accounts, providing customer service, processing or
fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer
information, providing analytic services, and
providing storage; activities relating to quality and
safety control or product improvement; and other
collection and processing that is not for the purpose
of inferring characteristics about an individual. We
do not use Sensitive Personal Information beyond
these purposes.
---
c. The categories of Personal Information about
you that we disclosed and the categories of third
parties to whom we disclosed such Personal
Information.
---
If you are a Delaware consumer, you may also
request that we disclose to you the categories of
third parties to whom we disclosed your Personal
Information.
---
If you are an Oregon consumer, you may also
request that we disclose to you the categories of
Personal Information we process about you and
the third parties to whom we have disclosed your
Personal Information.
---
We do not sell Personal Information (including
Sensitive Personal Information), and we do not
"share" or otherwise process Personal
Information (including Sensitive Personal
Information) for purposes of cross-context
behavioral or targeted advertising, as defined
under applicable law. We have not engaged in such
activities in the 12 months preceding the date this
Privacy Notice was last modified. Without limiting
the foregoing, we do not sell or “share” Personal
Information (including Sensitive Personal
Information) of minors under 16 years of age.
---
We and our service providers also collect the
information described above, under “information we
collect automatically,” from Children.
---
[SECTION: 15. Automated decision making
or Profiling in respect of
applicants for employment]
Our recruitment partners in their capacity as
controllers may use technology to select appropriate
applicants for us to consider based on criteria
expressly identified by us, or typical in relation to the
role for which you have applied. The process of
finding suitable applicants is automatic, however,
any decision as to who we will engage to fill the job
opening will be made by our staff.
---
[SECTION: Annex A – Definitions]
“App” means Kahoot!'s software/mobile applications
or any other application made available by us
(including where we make such application
available via third-party stores or marketplaces or by
any other means).
---
“Partner” means any job site or similar online service
provider that Kahoot!'s applicants for employment
apply for job openings through.
---
“Third Country” means any country outside the
EU/EEA (for the purposes of the GDPR) and any
country outside the UK (for the purposes of the UK
GDPR).
---
“Third-Party Applications” means websites and
services delivered by third-parties that are
integrated in the Services and resources in order to
make certain features, content, products and/or
services available to you.