Furthermore, we may provide you with "just-in-time” disclosures or additional information about the data collection, use and sharing
practices of specific Services. These notices may provide more information about our privacy practices, or provide you with additional
choices about how we process your personal information.

---

•
Contact Information: When you sign up to create an account with some of our Apps, you will be required to provide an email
address as part of the registration process. Alternatively, you can use your Facebook Account or other third party social network
accounts (together, "Social Media Account") to register for the Services.

---

• Social Media Account Information: When you sign up with a Social Media Account, you will be asked to choose which
information you would like to share with us, such as your email address, birthday, friends list, or public profile information. When
you decide to use a Social Media Account to sign up for our Services, we only require the collection of the email address associated
with your Social Media Account; all other information provided by you is voluntary.

---

C. Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services
The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you may be able to post comments, stories,
reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of
information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and
settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that
may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.

---

We use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If we use your personal information in
any other ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, or
from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected
it or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services
may not be available to you.

---

A. To provide the Services to you. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested.
Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this information with our service providers or
partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such
information.

---

G. To personalize your experience on the Services. We allow you to personalize your experience on our Services via social media
plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of your preferences (e.g., nickname or
display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more. Without such processing, you may not be able to access or
personalize part or all of our Services.

---

J. To provide consumption data to Apple. If we receive a refund request for an in-app purchase from an end user, we reserve the
right to provide Apple with information regarding the user's in-app purchase consumption. This includes the following data: app
usage time, anonymous account identifier, total amount spent, and total amount refunded.

---

5. How We Share Your Information with Third Parties
We may share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
A. Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers
We disclose your personal information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (“Service
Providers") who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Services, analyzing data, or
performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the personal information needed to perform
these limited functions on our behalf.

---

B.Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies
To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your personal information if:
•
Required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order or similar request from judicial authority, law enforcement
authorities or other competent public authorities;
• We believe, in our sole discretion, that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other
rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or
• We believe that you have abused the Services by using it to attack our systems or to gain unauthorized access to our system, to
engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws.

---

C. Business Transfers or Bankruptcy
In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any personal information owned or
controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We will notify you via email or a prominent notice within our
Services of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal
information

---

D. Our Affiliates
Based on your consent, we may share some or all of your contact information with our, parent company, subsidiaries and corporate
affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. If you would like us to stop providing your information to our
affiliates for their own marketing purposes, you may opt-out by contacting us as provided in the “How to Contact Us" section.

---

E. Third-Party Business Partners.
Base on you consent, we may work with and share some of your informaiton with our third-party advertising partners to provide you with
advertisements or other tailored content. . We may share information related to users of our service with affiliates or unaffiliated third
parties on a de-identified, aggregate basis. While this informaiton will not identify you personally, in some instances these parties may be
able to combile these aggregate,de-identified informaiton with other data they have about you, or that they receive from other parties, in a
manner that allows them to identify you personally.

---

We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. We have physical, technical and administrative safeguards in
place to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, we require that our service providers handling personal
information also maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the
personal information you provide to us.

---

A. Our Relationship to You
LLC Lumos Inc. or Midpoint Security FZCO-LLC and its affilates are data controllers with regard to any personal information collected
from users of its Services. A “user” is an individual providing personal information to us via our Services, such as by creating an account
with our Apps, signing up for our newsletter(s), or otherwise accessing or using our Services. A "data controller” is an entity that
determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as our service
providers are "data processors" that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions.

---

• Right to withdraw consent. If we rely on consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your
consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties
based on consent before your withdrawal.

---

• Notification to third-parties. If we share your personal information with third parties, we will notify them of any requests for
rectification, erasure or restriction of your personal information, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.

---

E. Transfer of Personal Information
If you choose to use the Services or provide your information to us, your personal information may be transferred to, processed and
maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located. Such countries or jurisdictions
may have data protection laws that are less protective than the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside. If you do not want your
information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the
Services.
Designated Countries: We transfer your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards as permitted under the Data Protection
Laws. Specifically, when your personal information is transferred out of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual
provisions for transferring personal information in place with the third-parties to which your information is transferred. For such transfers,
we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with U.S. based third parties that are certified
under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.

---

11. Special Information for California Residents.
California law allows users of the Services who are California residents to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us
describing what categories of personal information (if any) we shared with third parties, including our corporate affiliates, for their direct
marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this notice,
please contact contacting us as provided in the "How to Contact Us" section. In your request, please specify that you want a "California
Privacy Rights Notice." Please allow at least thirty (30) days for a response.

---

However, please note that we are not required to erase or otherwise eliminate content or information if:
■ other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content or information;
■ the content or information was posed, stored, or republished by another user;
■ the content or information is anonymized so that the minor cannot be individually identified;
■ the minor does not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how to request removal of such content or information;
and (e) the minor has received compensation or other consideration for providing the content.
Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of a law enforcement agency to obtain such content or
information.