This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of
Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
---
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to
this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
---
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information, including but not limited mobile device's camera, storage, and other
features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
---
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your mobile application. If
you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your
device's settings. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this
privacy policy.
---
You have the right to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, to request
rectification or erasure; to restrict the processing of your personal information; and if applicable, to data
portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your
personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will
consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
---
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Google Privacy Policy.
AdMob Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics for Firebase Privacy Policy.
---
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect
data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating
system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of
the Service, and other statistics.
---
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your
device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and
libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
---
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are
obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.