42apps LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the CalZen mobile application. This Privacy
Policy describes how CalZen (hereinafter referred to as "we", "us", or "our") collects,
uses, shares, and protects user information obtained through the CalZen mobile
application (the "App"). By using our App, you understand and agree to the collection,
storage, processing, and use of your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

---
1. Information We Collect
We may collect the following types of information:

---
1.1 Personal Information
This refers to the data that you voluntarily provide to us, which identifies you personally.
This includes, but is not limited to, your name and email address; it may also include
other personal and preference information you provide to us.

---
1.2 Non-Personal Information
We may also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association
with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal
information for any
purpose. This information includes, but is not limited to, task name, task date and time,
category etc.

---
1.3 Information from Third Parties
We may receive information about you from third-party analytics providers, such as
Amplitude, Firebase, Appsflyer, Facebook SDK, and Apphud. This information may
include usage details, geographic location, and demographic information.

---
2. Use of Collected Information
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, protect, and improve our App,
to develop new services, and to protect us and our users.

---
2.2 GPT AΡΙ
We use the OpenAI GPT API to enhance the features within the app. This means that
the food photos, calorie tracking requests, and nutritional queries you input into the
app may be processed by the GPT API to provide you with accurate calorie, macro,
and health score calculations.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
3.1 Service Providers and Business Partners
We may use third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our service (e.g.,
maintenance services, database management, web analytics, and payment
processing), or to assist us in analyzing how our service is used. These third parties
may have access to your Personal Information but only to perform these tasks on our
behalf.

---
5. Children's Privacy
Our App is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
collect personal information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under
13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our
servers immediately.