This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy" or "Policy") describes the types of information Character
Technologies, Inc., and its affiliates (“Character.Al,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collect and process from
and about you.

---
1. Information We Collect
When you access or otherwise use our Services, we collect information from you. The types of
information we collect depend on how you use our Services. Please note that we need certain
types of information to provide the Services to you. If you do not provide us with such
information, or if you ask us to delete that information, you may no longer be able to access or
use certain Services. The information we collect includes data you directly provide to us, data
we obtain automatically from your interactions with our Services, and data we obtain from other
sources.

---
Information you provide directly to us. We collect information directly from you. For
example, you provide us with information when you use the Services, communicate with us,
register for an account, subscribe to our blog or newsletters, or participate in our community,
social media discussions, or promotions. Information you provide directly to us may concern you
and others and may include:
• Identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number, display name, or username;
• Demographic information, such as your date of birth and general geolocation information;
• Interests, such as categories like “Sports” or “Writing;"
• Inferences, such as preferences based on account settings or feedback on the Services;
• Financial information, such as payment information and other information collected through
our payment processing vendors;
• Commercial information, such as purchases and transaction history;
• Your content you submit, such as chat communications, posted images or videos, biography
description, and shared Characters;
• Voice data, including recordings of your voice, if you chose to use certain voice features; and
• Contents of communications with us, such as customer support messages.

---
Information you provide directly to us might also include information that may be treated as
sensitive under applicable laws, such as login credentials, personal communications received or
sent using our Services, or other information about yourself that you choose to provide when
using our Services (e.g., if you voluntarily post user content revealing your race, religion, or
sexual orientation). Sensitive personal information is not required or necessary to use the

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Information we collect about your use of the Services. We and our third-party providers,
which include advertising and analytics providers and other service providers, use cookies, web
beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the Services.
Please note that the specific tracking technologies and third-party providers may vary
depending on where you are located and whether you access the Services via our websites or
mobile applications. For more information about these technologies, please refer to our Cookie
Policy.

---
As described further in the Cookie Policy, we use these technologies to collect and analyze
device, Internet, and other electronic network activity information including information about
your computer or device (e.g., device type; browser type; ISP or operating system; IP address;
device identifiers such as IDFA, Android ID, etc.; version of our Services you are using);
information about how you use and interact with the Services (e.g., domain name; access time;
referring or exit pages; page views; Service-related identifiers such as User ID, Chat ID, Session
ID, etc.; and actions taken within the Services); and geolocation data.

---
Information we collect from other sources. We may also collect information from other
sources, such as when you are referred to us by another user. In this context, we may receive
your name and contact details. We may also receive information from third-party platforms, for
example, such as when you interact with our ads on other platforms like YouTube, TikTok, or
Reddit, or when you interact with our social media profiles on platforms like Facebook,
Instagram, or Discord. Information we collect in this context includes information about how you
interacted with our ads or the third-party platform; information about your device; demographic
information (e.g., age, interests); and geolocation data.

---
We also collect information when you connect to your account using an account maintained by a
third party, such as a social media account (“Third-Party Account”). The Services collect
information about you from your Third-Party Accounts in accordance with your permissions.
When you connect to us or log in through a Third-Party Account like Facebook or Google, we
receive information from that third party identifying your account. Information we collect in this
context includes third-party account details such as username or email address. We collect and
store this information and use it to help you connect to the Services. Connecting your account to
a Third-Party Account is completely optional, and you will have the opportunity to grant
permission when you attempt to connect. You can revoke permission by logging into the Third-
Party Account and disconnecting Character.Al from there, and through the native applications
on your mobile device. Please note that if you revoke permission for a Third-Party Account, we
may retain the information we collected previously from the Third-Party Account provider (but
the accounts will not be linked going forward).

---
We also collect information that is available on the Internet or from other publicly available
sources to evaluate and improve our Services, including for model training and development.

---
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
We use information for the following purposes:
• Provide, administer, and operate the Services and our business;
• Generate and analyze inferences about use of the Services, such as your preferences and
interests and trends about our Services (e.g., which portions of the Services are used most
frequently, how users navigate the Services, and what our users like or do not like);

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We combine information that we collect through the Services with information that we obtain
from other sources. We may also aggregate or anonymize information collected through the
Services. We use and disclose aggregated or anonymized data for a number of purposes,
including without limitation for research and marketing purposes. To the extent we anonymize
any data originally based on personal information so that it is no longer reasonably linkable to an
individual or household, we maintain and use such data in de-identified form and will not
attempt to re-identify the data (except for the purpose of confirming it is de-identified).

---
• Advertising and Analytics. We may disclose personal information to advertising and
analytics providers in connection with the provision of tailored advertising, to monitor the
performance of advertisements displayed on our behalf on the Services and across the
Internet, to provide analytics services, and to help improve our Services. These entities may
use cookies and tracking technologies to allow us to, among other things, track and analyze
data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver tailored advertising and content, and
better understand your online activity. For more information about how we use cookies and
tracking technologies, please see our Cookie Policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
4. Your Choices
We offer you certain choices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal
information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
7. Data Retention
In General. We keep your information for the time necessary for the purposes for which it is
processed or as otherwise described at the time the information is collected, unless a shorter
retention period is required by law. The length of time for which we retain information depends
on the purposes for which we collected and use it and your choices, after which time we may
delete and/or aggregate it. We may also retain and use this information as necessary to comply
with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

---
Popular Characters. If a Character you create has been made available to other users, then we
reserve the right to preserve that Character's characteristics and to keep that Character active
on the Services, even if you otherwise delete your data and your account. We do this to avoid
impacting the experience of other users. To ensure that we do not retain information about you
when this occurs, please avoid submitting any such information as part of the Character creation
flow if you are creating a Character that you plan to make available to others.

---
8. Links to Third Party Websites
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or services. We are not responsible for
the content or practices of those websites or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of
your information by third parties will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party
websites or services, and not this Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of
these third parties before providing information to them.