This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share information we obtain through our
InstaVision Camera system (s) ("device(s)"), mobile app, and website (collectively "Service" or
"Services"), and when you otherwise interact with us, including on social media or through a customer
support channel.
---
Information You Provide
We collect information you provide directly to us. For instance, in order to use a device, we require you to
register for an account by providing your name, email address, and phone number. In order to customize
and enhance your experience and the messages we send you, we may ask you to provide additional
information.
---
We also collect any information you provide when you sign up for our mailing list, purchase a device,
register your device, request customer support, participate in any interactive features of the Services,
communicate with us via third-party social media sites, apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with
us.
---
Information We Collect Through Our Devices
When you use our device, we collect real-time audio and video data from the device. We utilize this data
to detect and gather information on various vital signs, including physiological indicators, as well as to
identify and collect data on entities and objects present in the scene
---
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about those interactions,
including the following
---
Log Information: We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of
browser you use, app version, your IP address, access times, pages viewed, and the page you visited
before navigating to our Services.
---
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or
mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and
version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
---
Information Collected by Cookies
and Other Tracking Technologies: We use different technologies to collect information, including
cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory
that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are
popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails
and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more
information about cookies and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
---
In addition, we
may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our
Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have
access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, and friends lists, in
accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, such as to deliver the
Services you request, customize your experience, and send you notifications of activities and events
associated with your account. We may also use the information we collect to:
---
Social Sharing
The Services may offer social-sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like"
button). Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public,
depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social-sharing feature. For
more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing through social-
sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features
---
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the
web and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and
other technologies to collect information about your use of our website and mobile application and
other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information,
pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This
information may be used by InstaVision and others to, among other things, analyze and track data,
determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on
our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about
interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web-browsing information used for behavioral
advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Your device may also include a feature (
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS, or "Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt Out of Ads Personalization" on
Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for
behavioral advertising purposes.
---
We store the other information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we
originally collected it, or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory,
or other compliance obligations. but may delete such information sooner or retain it longer, such as if
you ask us to store it for a longer period.