1. Personal information we collect

(a) Information you provide us directly
Certain parts of the Service may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For
example, when you register for an account, we ask for your email address and interests.
If you apply to join the Leonardo Creator Program, we may also collect additional
information relevant to your application, such as your location, links to your portfolio and
social media profiles, and any other details you choose to share with us. Where payment
is required to access the Service (i.e., if you pay for a subscription), our third-party
payment processor may collect and store your payment information, such as payment
card information.
We collect personal information in any messages you send to us, as well as our social
media channels (such as user feedback, messages and search queries). We may also
collect personal information in content you submit or upload to the Service (such as text
prompts, images, photos, videos and other media and the metadata about your
content) as well as the resulting material you generate through the Service, such as
images or videos (together, “Content“). We use this information to operate, maintain,

---
(b) Information we receive from third parties
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, when you log into
the Service using a third-party account (e.g., Apple or Google) we may also collect
certain information from the third-party necessary to authenticate your account, such
as your email address and any other information you allow the third-party to share with
us. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-
party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Service. You may
also unlink your third-party account from our websites by adjusting your settings on the
third-party service. If you unlink your third-party account, we will no longer receive
information collected about you in connection with that service. We may also receive
certain information from third-party data providers, such as contact details and
professional information, to help us identify and reach potential customers who may be
interested in the Service.

---
(c) Information we collect from you automatically
We will directly collect or generate certain information about your use of the Service
(e.g., user activity data, analytics event data and clickstream data), for data analytics
and machine learning, and to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.
We may also use third party analytics tools that automatically collect information sent by
your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that
assists us in improving the Service. For more information, please see the paragraphs
below on cookies information, log file information, clear gifs, device identifiers, and
location data.

---
(d) Cookies information and information taken from similar
technologies
When you visit the Service, we, and our third-party partners, will send cookies to your
computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us do things like help you log in
faster, enhance your navigation through the site, remember your preferences and
generally improve the user experience. Cookies also convey information to us about
how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions
you take on the Service) and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the
Service over time. They also allow us to measure traffic and usage trends for the Service,
deliver personalised advertisements that may be of interest to you and measure their
effectiveness, and find potential new users of the Service.

---
(e) Log file information
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each
time you access the Service. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record
certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such
as your web request, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and
how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed,
and other such information.

---
(f) Clear gifs/web beacons information
When you use the Service, we may employ clear GIFs (also known as web beacons)
which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users. In addition,
we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails
are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. This information allows for more
accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.

---
(g) Device identifiers
When you access the Service on a device (including smart-phones or tablets), we may
access, collect and/or monitor one or more “device identifiers,” such as a universally
unique identifier (“UUID”). Device identifiers are small data files that uniquely identify
your mobile device. A device identifier may convey information to us about how you use
the Service. A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in
and navigate the Service better. Some features of the Service may not function properly
if use of device identifiers is impaired.

---
(h) Location data
We collect information in order to understand where our users are located for a number
of reasons. We may collect your precise or approximate location:
• from you, when you provide, correct or confirm your location (e.g., when you
purchase products from us);
• by inferring your location from your IP address; and
• from our third party partners.

---
(i) Information we collect from other sources
We also collect information from other sources, such as information that is publicly
available on the Internet, to train our models and conduct research. While we do not
intentionally collect personal information, this type of information may be incidentally
included in these datasets.

---
2. How we use your information
We use the information we collect about you for the purposes set out below:
• Providing you with the Service: We use the information that you directly give us to
provide the Service to you. This includes allowing you to log in to the Service,
operating and maintaining the Service and giving you access to your Content. We
may also use information we collect about you automatically to remember
information about you so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the
next time you visit the Service.

---
• Customizing the Service for you: We may use and combine the information you
provide us and information about you that we collect automatically and receive
from other sources (including information we receive on and off our Service) and
combine it with information about the behaviour of other users to make sure that
your use of the Service is customized to your needs. For example, to recommend
content that is likely to be useful to you, we may use information derived from your
prior behaviour on our Service, the use of content by other people and other
inferred information.

---
• To promote and drive engagement with the Service: We may use your contact
information to get in touch with you about taking part in our surveys or about
features and offers relating to the Service that we think you would be interested in.
We may also use information we collect about you to make sure that you get the
most relevant offers and promotions based on your use of the Service, and your
preferences.

---
• For advertising purposes: We may use information about you, including cookies
information and other information we (and our third-party partners) collect from
you automatically about your use of the Service, to serve, personalize and measure
the effectiveness of advertising on the Service and third-party sites and platforms.
This includes showing you advertising we think you might find interesting as well as
displaying advertising to potential new users that have similar interests. For more
information about how we use your information for advertising purposes, please
see the section titled “Advertising” below.

---
• Customer service: We use information about you, information that we collect or
and from within your account, information that you provide to our customer service
team, and information about your interactions with the Service to resolve technical
issues you experience with the Service, and to ensure that we can repair and
improve the Service for all users.

---
How we share your information
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. However, we may disclose
your personal information to our group companies and to our services providers and
partners who provide data processing services to us. This includes, for example, group
companies and service providers who assist with functions such as billing, customer
support, hosting and storage, data analytics, data labelling and machine learning,
security, advertising and marketing, and other services. We may also disclose your
personal information to our group companies and partners for other purposes that are
described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your information.

---
9. Advertising
In addition, these third-party advertisement servers or advertisement networks may use
technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, these personalised
advertisements and advertising links directly to your browser or mobile device, and will
automatically receive your IP address when they do so. They may also use other
technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear
gifs) to compile information about your browser's or device's visits and usage patterns
on the Service, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalise the
advertising content. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information about how we
and our third-party partners use cookies and other technologies to deliver ads to you.

---
Legal bases for processing
If you are located in the EEA, Switzerland or UK, we need a lawful basis to collect, use and
disclose your personal data as a controller. Our lawful basis will depend on the
information concerned and the context in which it is processed.
Generally, Leonardo.Ai will collect and use your personal data as follows:

---
• Legitimate interests: It is necessary for our legitimate interests for example,
providing a useful and customized Service, sending you relevant marketing
messages, displaying advertising and tracking its effectiveness, using information
we collect about you (like your platform usage) so that we can make more informed
predictions, decisions and offers for our users, helping users connect with team
members, and enhancing our Service via research and development, data
analytics, machine learning and predictive analytics. We do not rely on this lawful
basis where our legitimate interests are overridden by your rights and interests.

---
Cross-border transfers of information
By using the Service, you understand and agree that Leonardo Interactive Pty Ltd (an
entity in Australia) will receive and process your personal data. We may transfer your
personal data to other countries where our affiliates and service providers are located.
Please note that some of these countries may have data protection laws that are
different from your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). For
individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK, where we transfer your information to a third-
party service provider that is not located in Europe, and is not in a country that benefits
from an adequacy decision by the European Commission, UK or Swiss authorities, we
will require those third party providers to enter into an agreement that provides
appropriate safeguards for your information, including by using the EU Model Clauses
and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum.

---
Categories of personal information collected by Leonardo.Ai
For more details about the personal information Leonardo.Ai has collected in the past
year, please see the section above titled “Personal information we collect”. For details
on how we use that information, who we share it with, and how long we keep it, please
see the sections titled “How we use your information”, “Sharing your information”, and
"Data retention.”

---
Rights in respect of your personal information
These state privacy laws give residents various rights with respect to the personal
information we collect, including the right to (subject to applicable law and certain
limitations):

---
12. Changes to this Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time to reflect our current practice and ensure
compliance with applicable laws. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the
"Last Updated" date at the top of this Policy. If we make any material changes to the way
we collect, use, store and/or share your personal information, we will take appropriate
measures to notify you. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to
inform yourself of any changes.