This Privacy Policy ("this policy", "policy") that explains how we
collect, store, and use the information you provide us.
---
1.What information do we collect about you
This section describes the different types of personal information we
collect and how we collect it. We will collect and use the following
information about you:
---
Information you provide us.
when you register for the Services (including your nominated
nickname, or custom accounts and information we import from
your connected social media account (Facebook, Google) in
order to set up your profile, including your name as it appears on
your social media profile and your profile picture);
• information you provide when seeking help from us such as your
name, telephone number and records of the issues you
experience;
billing information, such as your name, payment card number and
payment account details;
Your Email
---
Data we collect from third parties.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the
Services (such as Facebook, Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your
IP address)
• Data to fight fraud (such as click fraud in advertising)
---
• Data for advertising and analysis purposes, so we can provide you a
better Service
---
Cookies.
We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons,
log files, scripts and eTags) (“Cookies”) to enhance your experience
using our Services. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your
device, enable us to provide certain features and functionality. You have
the option to permit installation of such Cookies or subsequently
disable them. You may accept all cookies or refuse to accept all cookies
by adjusting the relevant cookie retention function in your device.
However, in the event of your refusal to install cookies, our
Services may not be able to operate as designed.
---
2.How we use your personal information
We will use your information in the following ways:
Personal Information
Nickname
Use
We use this information to create
your Account for the Services in
accordance with your request.
Social Connect Information
including but not limited to:
( Facebook ) Name,
Facebook ID, profile picture;
( Google )
Nickname,
profile picture
Generated Open ID
IP Address
Chat Data
We use this information to: create
your Account for the Services in
accordance with your request; share
photos on Facebook at your request.
We generate this and use this to store
your Service data with your profile.
We use this information to improve
our Services, including the
functionality of the Services.
If you enable chat services (audio or
text) then we will process such data
in order to deliver your messages to
other users.
Transaction
Records:
payments on third party
payment services
We use this information to maintain
a record of your transaction history.
Customer Support Ticket ID
& User
Communications
with Support
We use this information to: improve
our
Services;
provide
troubleshooting such as addressing
and remediating technical issues and
bugs.
Security-Related Information
We use this information: for security
and verification purposes; identify
and address bugs and assess function
for optimize action; solve crashes
and optimize compatibility of
devices; and to combat users
registering for multiple accounts.
Survey
Information
and
content of survey responses
We use this information to improve
our Services.
---
analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile
and segment all collected data.
---
Access
You have the right to access personal information we hold about
you, how we use it, and who we share it with. You can access the
personal information you have made available as part of your Account.
If you believe we hold any other personal information about you, please
email us at customer@seaart.ai .
---
Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of certain personal
information we process about you. This comprises any personal
information we process on the basis of your consent (e.g., certain
survey information) or pursuant to our contract with you, as described
in the section“How We Use Your Personal Information”You have the
right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format. You also have the right to request that we
transfer that personal information to another party.
---
Correction
You have the right to correct any personal information held which
is inaccurate. You can access the personal information you have made
available as part of your Account by logging into your Account. If you
believe we hold any other personal information about you and that
information is inaccurate, please email us at customer@seaart.ai.
---
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
You have a right to require us to stop processing the personal
information we hold about you other than for storage purposes in
certain circumstances. Please note, however, that if we stop processing
the personal information, we may use it again if there are valid grounds
under data protection laws for us to do so (e.g., for the defence of legal
claims or for another's protection). As above, where we agree to stop
processing the personal information, we will try to tell any third party
to whom we have disclosed the relevant personal information so that
they can stop processing it too.
---
Objection
You have the right to object to our processing of personal
information about you. We will consider your request in other
circumstances as detailed below by emailing us at customer@seaart.ai.
---
8.Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. If we make
material changes in the way we collect, use, retain or share your
personal information, we will notify you by sending you an email at the
last email address that you provided us, or by posting notice of the
changes on the Services covered by this privacy policy. our continued
use of the Services will signify your acceptance of these changes.
---
9.International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated
entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country
or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same
data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to
ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of
information and the use and disclosure of information about you,
including personal information, as described in this Policy.