What data we collect and the ways we collect personal or non personal data about
you:
• we may collect Profile information you may give when you play some of games.
• We may collect data about game progress.
• We collect data about your device, such as device name and operating system,
browser type and language for better understand user expectaion and better
serve ads if present in games.
• We may collect data about your use of the Games, such as gameplay data and
your interactions with other players inside the Games.

---
Cookies and similar technologies or third party tolls may use.
• We may collect data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Games
(such as Facebook or Google).
• We may collect data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide
you a better game experience.

---
To provide a great Games to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect
and process necessary data to:
• We may collect data and use to develop and improve the Games and player
experience, manage our relationship with you,
,
provide social features as part of the Games and enable you to communicate
with other players, Customize your game experience,
respond to your comments and questions and provide player support, send
you related information, such as information about our company or our
features, products or games, including but not limited to by sending you
notifications (if you do not want to receive further notifications from us, you
can always disable this option) or promotional material from some of our
partners, or to contact you when necessary, unless the customer has disagreed
that for and uses its data.

---
We maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security, integrity, and
privacy of the personal and non personal
information we collect and store about our account holders, including children
under 13.
Personal information collected by us is stored in secure operating environments
that are not available to the public
and that are only accessible by authorized employees. We also have security
measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.