Privacy Policy
ALPRED S.L., hereinafter "company" may collect and process data of the users of the websites
and other data subjects having obtained through various means, such as:
•
Web forms.
•
Email.
•
Telephone contact.
•
Paper forms.
•
Postal mail.
•
•
Public-access sources (newspapers and official gazettes, media, etc.)
Software Applications (Apps and other services and/or websites linking to this policy)
The processing of the data collected through said sources shall be done according to EU
Regulation 2016/679, General Data Protection, Spanish Organic Law 3/2018 on Protection of
Personal Data and Guarantee of Digital Rights and other current regulations in this area.
---
If the reason for contacting the company and sending information about yourself is that you are
seeking employment (sending CVs, etc.). The data provided shall be processed to assess your
possible candidacy for job offers at the company. If the data provided are of interest to the
company, a profile shall be drawn up and they shall be filed away for human resources
management.
---
3. What kind of data do we process?
Information provided by you:
•
By sending us an email or by filling in a query form to receive further information: for example, you could send us a question and we would use
your email address to answer it.
•
By sending a comment, an opinion of a photo or video: for example, you could send us a photo of a weather event you may have witness and we
might publish it on the Services so that other users can enjoy it.
•
•
By reporting on the climate or other conditions: for example, you might tell us that in your area there is a cold or rainy climate.
By interacting with interactive advertising: we receive the information you provide when you send oral or written questions or comments through
the interactive ads that are placed on the Services or on third-party platforms; and we may share this information with our Advertising Partners.
•
By customising the Services: for example, you might set a starting location, so that every time you start the Services you are automatically shown
the weather at that location.
Information collected automatically:
•
Information about your device and its features.
•
Information about your device's operating system.
•
Information about your browser.
•
Information about how to use the Services.
•
Your activities in the Services.
•
IP address.
•
Advertising identifiers.
•
Mobile or Internet providers.
•
Type of browser.
•
Browser identifier.
•
Reference URL.
This information helps us to understand, analyse and measure how users use the Services; to
manage the Services operations; to offer ads and measure their effectiveness; to diagnose
problems, to recognise returning visitors; and to provide access to the Services, and their use, by
you.
Location information:
Both we and our services providers, and our Advertising Partners and Analytical Partners, may
collect location information through the Services.
We collect location information in order to provide you with location-based services (such as bad
weather alerts and other related information using our mobile applications), to offer you ads
relevant to your geographical location and to carry out analyses to improve the Services. The
ways in which we collect information about the location, along with the kind of location information
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
collected, depend upon the devices used to access the Serviced and upon the settings on those
devices.
If you are going to access the Services through the Site, it is possible that we will be able to
detect your general location, which will allow us automatically to show you the weather in your
geographical area. Depending upon the type of browser and its settings, it may inform you that
the Site wants to know your specific location and to ask you permission to do so. If you do not
allow this, or if the browser does not allow it, only general location information shall be collected,
which may be stored locally on the device. Even if we cannot collect direct location information on
your device, you may manually enter a location (such as a town/city, a postcode and a country).
On the mobile website, if you choose not to share your current location, you may continue to
receive content relevant to the town/city you have entered in the search bar (that is, the name of
the contextual town/city).
If you access the Services from your mobile device, we may, depending upon your application and
your operating system, directly collect precise geographical information, through GPS, mobile
telephony network information and other location-based features. Depending upon the mobile
device's operating system, we normally receive the latitude and longitude of the mobile device, as
well as the date, time and data from a sensor, such as an altimeter. The precision of the latitude
and longitude may vary by a lot and be determined by several factor, including those controlled by
the device, the operating system or the mobile services provider.
If you allow any of Meteored's mobile applications directly to collect location information while
mobile applications run in the background, you will enable continuous location collection. Thus,
we will be able to send you bad weather alerts for the area where you are. We also use this
location information to carry out analyses and to improve the Services.
You can deactivate the direct collection of the location (or, in some operating systems, the
continuous direct collection of the location) by configuring the device or deleting the mobile
application from the device. If you deactivate the location-based services, it is possible you will
continue to receive alerts for the locations you have selected in the Services.
---
Alerts and notifications:
Some Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications for weather-related updates. To
provide these Services, it is possible we will have to collect your email address, information about
the device and/or information about the mobile telephone company, as well as the postcode or the
geographical area to which the alert, the update or the notification belong. If you do not want to
continue to receive this type of notifications, you can deactivate them in the settings of the mobile
device or of the specific Service where you have registered, or you can delete the application.
---
Advertising Partners and other third parties involved:
You may obtain information about you or your use of the Services through our suppliers and other
third parties, such as our analysis providers or other advertisers, if these third parties have a legal
basis for sharing such information. We can combine the information you provide to us and the
information collected automatically with information from public or third-party sources. If you
access the Services through social media and other third-party platforms, it authorises us to
collect, store and use such information and content according to this Privacy Policy. If we combine
or associate information from other sources with the personal data we collect through the
Services, the combined information will be processed in the same way as the personal data, per
this Privacy Policy.
---
The data controller may:
•
Access the profile's public information.
---
Once the user is a follower or has joined the data controller's social network, they may publish in
it comments, links, images, photographs or any other type of multimedia content it supports. The
user must, in all cases, be the owner of the published content, enjoy the copyright or intellectual
property rights or have the consent of the affected third parties.
---
General types of information:
Besides the various aforementioned means of obtaining and types of information, we inform you
that other types of information we may process in our systems have to do with other purposes set
out and the normal course of the company's services and activity which, depending upon the type
of data subject (employees and candidates, users, customers, suppliers, partners, collaborators)
may be in the following categories:
•
Identification details.
•
Image details.
•
Identification codes or passwords.
•
Postal or email addresses and other contact details.
•
Personal and professional details.
•
Academic and CV details.
•
Economic, financial and insurance details.
•
Economic and non-economic data about the payroll and other employment information.
•
Other details and information necessary or inherent in carrying on the company's activity and services.
---
The information collected in the Services can be prepared and kept in a format that does identify
them, to you or to other users, and such information may be used or shared. For example, we can
analyse personal data to generate aggregate or statistical data, none of which is personal
information. Although they are not individual-level data, no guarantee is given that the aggregate
data will be anonymous. The information collected in the Services can also be shared as follows:
Third-Party Service Providers. When your personal data are collected through the Services,
they can be collected with selected third parties who collaborate in our commercial operations, in
providing the Services or in our advertising or marketing campaigns. They also help us when
providing the features and functionalities you have requested ("Third-party Service Providers").
These Third-party Suppliers include, but are not limited to, companies that support our advertising
programmes, manage mailings on our behalf, provide data storage, offer customer service, help
to assess the audience and to develop products, and they give or deliver to you materials by
email, though other electronic communication platforms, or by postal mail. We may also provide
personal data to third-party cartography service providers, in order to provide you with
cartographic material for the Services. The Third-party Service Providers are authorised to use
the personal data we supply to them with the sole purpose of providing you with the service in our
name. All these Third-party Service Providers are contractually obliged to respect the
confidentiality of the personal data.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Some of the Services allow the users to interact with other websites or services. For example, the
complements may connect identifiable third-party services by their respective logos (such as
social media platforms) to the Services. You will remain connected to those other sites and
services until the session ends. When you use these interfaces, you will allow the Services to
access part of your information on those other sites and services. Your use of those other sites
and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services, and not to this Privacy
Policy.
---
Some of the Service use operating systems, platforms, communication services and third-party
devices and software elements (such as operating systems of mobile devices, wireless services,
mobile telephones and tablet devices), and some Services are provided by third-party distributors,
device manufacturers, device operators, platform and communication services operators. We
have no control over these third-party organisations, products and services, which could collect,
use, process, transfer and disclose your information. Given that we do control those third parties'
data management practices, we recommend you review their privacy policies, conditions of use
and licence agreements (if any).
---
Advertising Partners. We may share the information we collect with the Advertising Partners so
that they can supply relevant ads or content on their own websites or applications or on other
third-party websites or applications and analyse and inform of the content or the ads the users
see or with which they interact. The Advertising Partners may also collect information, or we may
also provide information to the Advertising Partners. The information may include data about how
the users interact with the Services, the information the users provide through an interactive ad,
the content and ads the users have seen, the users' activities on other websites and online
services, and the physical places the users have visited.
---
Aggregate information. As part of the Services, we will prepare and retain the information
collected from the Services that is aggregated or otherwise modified so that it does not identify
you directly and cannot reasonably be related to you. We use and share such information for our
commercial purposes:
---
7. Data storage and recovery in the users' terminals.
We work with various advertisers, advertising networks, ad servers ("Advertising Partners") that
use various technologies to collect data about how you use the Services (for example, the content
viewed and the ads on which you have clicked) in order to offer you relevant ads. The Advertising
Partners use various technologies in the Services through the website and within our mobile
applications in order to (among other things): track use of the Services, the sites or content with
which the users interact, and with what sites and mobile applications they interact once they leave
the Services; link user devices; and to offer more ads in the Services or on other websites or
mobile applications you may visit.
We also have certain third parties who use data collection technologies to track use of the
Services, analyse it and notify data related to them. They are also responsible for analysing and
optimising the performance of the Services ("Analytical Partners").
The information collected using the data collection technologies described in this section may be
linked with other information about you, such as the location, and it may include personal data.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Use of cookies, web beacons and information stored by other technologies
Third parties may use cookies and other technologies by using our Services to support or offer
personalised advertising in online services and third-party websites. The data collection
technologies both we and the third parties use include the following, merely by way of non-limiting
example:
•
Cookies: text files containing small portions of information. They are downloaded from the IT system or the mobile device when a website is
visited and they are stored on the browser. The cookies are again sent to the source website in each subsequent visit to that website or to another
website that may recognise them. Some cookies in our Services collect IP and MAC addresses, which could be considered personal data in some
jurisdictions. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.
---
•
Web beacons: certain Services pages contain web beacons. Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of the
computer system that has accessed the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time at
which the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to see the page and the information in the cookies sent by the third
party.
---
•
Web storage: we use local storage, such as HTML5 localStorage and indexedDB, to improve the user experience. This is achieved by, for
example, storing your user preferences and your settings (for example, volume/deactivate audio) in relation to the animated content of the Services.
Local storage is similar to browser cookies, but it can store more complex data than simple text. In itself, local storage cannot carry out any action on
the data stored on the device, nor with them.
---
Use of advertising identifiers
We and our Advertising Partners may collect information about a user's movements within a
under the use of mobile applications using advertising identifiers, to support, or supply, bespoke
advertising. An advertising identifier is a randomly-generated alphanumeric code associated with
a user's device to help to publicise the services. These identifiers, which the user can reconfigure,
have various names depending upon the operating system: GAID (Google ad ID) on Android
devices and IDFA (identifiers for advertisers) on iOS. Advertising identifiers provide advertisers
with a way to identify a user's device within using a permanent device identifier, such as the serial
number.
---
Adjusting the device's settings, ceasing to use the Service or uninstalling the relevant mobile
application also entail opting out of future collection of information by the Services.
---
Website-related opt-outs
For more information about our Advertising Partners' technology, about how they use the
information collected by the technologies in the Services and the options you have if you do not
accept cookies placed by some of the Advertising Partners in the Services, visit the opt-outs page
of the DAA, the opt-outs page of the DAAC or one of the EDAA's country-specific opt-outs pages.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
The DAA offers AppChoices, an independent optional tool so that the users exercise control over
the collection and use of data through mobile applications for bespoke advertising and other
related uses. For participating companies to benefit from this services, you can install the DAA's
AppChoices application on your mobile device. Press here to obtain more information about the
DAA's AppChoices tool.
---
10. Sending communications or information
Our policy with respect to sending information through electronic means (email, instant
messaging, etc.), is limited to sending only communications we believe are of interest to our users
and data subjects, in relation to the functions and activity of the company according to the terms
set out in this privacy policy, or which you have agreed to receive.