This Policy applies to the personal data processing collected by any means, both active and passive, both via the Internet and without its use, from
any persons anywhere in the world.We are committed to protecting your privacy.

---

This Privacy Policy explains our practice of collecting, using, disclosing and protecting information that is collected via our mobile software and our
website (collectively, our“Service”), as well as your choices regarding the collection and use.

---

How we collect and use information
We collect and use the following types of information regarding the Parents who use the“Kids360” app: when you create a profile in the “Kids360"
app, we may collect your personal information, such as the user first and last name, email address, cell phone number, we also request and use your
geolocation data but only one once at the time of the first login to the app
access to the device usage statistics – in order to display information about the usage percentage of other applications on your child's phone
exclusively in the confirmed parent's application.
we also use Parent data to notify you of special offers on our products, websites and services by sending push notifications or by email.

---

The "Kids360" service is used by the Child only by the consent of the Parent, agreeing to this Privacy policy, the Parent consents to the collection,
processing and storage of the personal data of the Child. If a parent wants to add children under the age of 13 to his/her profile, theParent must
additionally fill in the parental consent form in accordance with the Children'sOnline Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) of 1998. The parental consent
form can be found here - Parental consent form.

---

Then the child is able to use the "Kids360" Service connected to the Parent profile. The personal information of the child is only available to the
Parent in the "Kids360”. Upon the Agreement, the Company may collect, use the personal information of the child, as described in this Privacy
Policy, without transferring it to any third parties.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

The parent may contact us in order to review and / or delete any personal information the Company has collected regarding the child or cancel
permission to collect the additional information regarding the child. Please contact us at support@kids360.app if you have questions about your
child's profile.

---

Technical support and cookies
The Company collects information when you communicate using the “Kids360” app. The Company may also save any messages you send to us.

---

Information that we automatically collect using the technology when you visit our website or use our mobile software, we and our business
partners may collect certain information about your PC or device using technologies such as cookies, web cookies, log files or any other tracking /
recording tools. The information we collect using the tracking technologies includes but is not limited to the IP address, browser information, links
to / exits and URLs, streaming data and information regarding how you interact with the web links, website, mobile software or Service, domain
names, landing pages, page views, cookies data which allow us to uniquely identify your browser and monitor the behaviour of your browser at our
website, type of mobile device or other permanent identifiers and location data collected from your mobile device. Some or all of this data may be
combined with other personal identifying information specified above. When you access our Service via a mobile device, we may receive or collect
and store unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile app (including, for example, UDID, a unique identifier for
advertisers(“IDFA”)) device type, model and manufacturer, brand and model of the mobile operating system, phone number and, depending on the
settings of your mobile device, your geographic location data, including GPS coordinates You (for example, latitude and / or longitude), WiFi
location or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.We use this information in order to:
memorize the information so that you do not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit a website or login to the mobile app:
provide personalized content and information including advertising
track the location and movement
diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers related to specificIP addresses or user IDs.

---

The Company may also collect analytical data or use third-party analytics tools in order to help us measure the traffic and usage trends of the
Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, the use of third-party apps, and other
information that helps us analyse and improve our Service. Although we are doing our best to respect the privacy preferences of our users, we
cannot respond to “Do NotTrack Signals” signals from your browser at this tim

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

When you use some products, services or apps of the Company or share entries on forums, in chat rooms or social media, the personal data you
provide are available to the other users and can be read, collected or used by them. You are responsible for providing this information. For example,
if you enter your name and email address in a forum post, such information is public. Please take precautions when using these features.

---

Your choice about your information use
You may refuse to provide any personal information through the Support Service, in whichcase the Company is not be able to provide you with the
Services.Change of account information and settings:

---

Information is collected by means of the cookies or similar tracking technologies. You can“refuse” the collection of information using the cookies or
other tracking technology, in the settings in your browser or mobile device. Refer to the technical information of your browser or mobile device for
instructions on how to delete, disable and / or restrict the use of cookies or other tracking / recording tools. Depending on your mobile device, you
may no longer be able to control all tracking technologies via the settings of your device but you can uninstall the app if you do not want the
tracking information to be automatically collected. You can also limit interest-based advertising via the settings in your browser or device. If you
have any questions regarding third-party tracking and advertising, you can contact us directly at support@kids360.app.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

The Company may, at its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy. Upon newchanges applying The Company must notify you either by
giving prior notice of thesechanges before making the change, or by sending you a direct notice.In order to make sure that your personal data is
safe, we communicate confidentiality andsecurity standards to the Company's employees and strictly monitor the implementation ofconfidentiality
measures within the Company.If you have any questions regarding the Company's Privacy Policy or the processing of databy the Company, you can
contact us at any time. You have the right to send the requests to the Support, including the requests regarding theuse of their personal data, to
send revocation of consent to the processing of personal datain writing to the address specified in the General terms section of this provision or
bysending of a request.We will obtain prior parental consent if any changes we make to this Policy affect usersunder the age of 13 in a way that
requires such consent under COPPA.