Personal data processed by AAWireless
AAWireless processes your personal data because you make use of the (sales) services of
AAWireless or you have provided these data to AAWireless yourself. Below you will find an
overview of the personal data that AAWireless processes:

– First and last name
– Address details
– Phone number
– E-mail address
– IP address
– Other personal data that you provide to us, for example by creating a profile on
www.aawireless.io

---
Sensitive personal data being processed
AAWireless does not intend to collect data from website visitors under the age of 16, unless they
have permission from a parent or guardian. It is not possible for AAWireless to check whether a
visitor is older than 16 years. If you are convinced that AAWireless has unexpectedly and without
permission from a parent or guardian collected personal data about a website visitor who is
younger than 16 years old, please contact us at support@aawireless.io in order for AAWireless to
remove this information.

---
For what purpose and on what basis does AAWireless process your personal data
AAWireless processes your personal data for the following purposes:

– To be able to process your payment
– To be able to call or e-mail you if this is required for service purposes
– To deliver products to you
– AAWireless analyses your behaviour on the website in order to improve the website's design
and to tailor the range of products to your preferences.
– AAWireless also processes personal data if this is legally required, for example data required for
filing the tax return.

---
How long AAWireless keeps personal data
AAWireless does not keep your personal data for longer than strictly necessary to achieve the
purposes for which your data are collected. We make use of a retention period of 7 years for all
personal data after the data became known to AAWireless.

---
Cookies and/or comparable techniques used by AAWireless
AAWireless uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small (text) file that is
stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you (first) visit the website.
Firstly, AAWireless uses cookies with a technical functionality. These cookies ensure that the
website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These
cookies are also used to make the website work well and to be able to optimise it. In addition,
AAWireless also placed cookies that keep track of your surfing behaviour so that AAWireless is
able to offer customised content and advertisements. On your first visit to our website,
AAWireless already informed you about these cookies and asked for permission to place them.
You can opt out of cookies by resetting your internet browser so that it no longer stores cookies.
In addition, you can also delete all information that has previously been stored via the settings of
your browser.

---
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view your personal data, have them corrected or deleted. In addition, you
also have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your data or to object to the
processing of your data by AAWireless. This means that you can submit a request to AAWireless
to send you the personal data that AAWireless has of you. You can send a request for access,
correction or deletion of your personal data or a request to withdraw your consent or objection to
the processing of your personal data to support@aawireless.io. To verify that your request is
made by you, AAWireless requests you to send a copy of your proof of identity along with your
request. AAWireless requests that you black out your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable
zone: strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and Citizen Service
Number (BSN) in this copy. Finally, AAWireless would like to point out that you have the option of
submitting a complaint to the national supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection
Authority.