5. Legality of Use.
By using Our Products, you hereby warrant that: (i) all information contained in any submission by you is either owned
by you or rights have been granted to you permitting you to disseminate the information as set forth in these Terms and
Conditions; and (ii) the information contained in any submissions by you does not infringe on the intellectual property
rights of others, including but not limited to, copyright, trademark, patent, or trade secret rights. You accept full
responsibility, assume all risk, and waive and/or release Us from any direct or indirect loss, injury, claim or damage
arising from your use of Our Products, whether or not such use was appropriately supervised and regardless of whether
you were negligent in such use. By using Our Products, you attest and verify that you are physically and mentally able to
use Our Products, and knowingly accept and are fully aware of all risks associated with their use.

---
8. Restrictions on Use of the Service.
In addition to any other restrictions set forth in Terms and Conditions, and without limiting those restrictions, when using
the Service, you agree not to: make unauthorized copies or derivative works of any content made available on or through
the Service; use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the
Service; attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software or source code comprising
or making up the Service; delete or alter any material Appear Digital Ltd or any other person or entity Posts on the
Service; frame or link to any of the materials or information available on the Service; alter, deface, mutilate, or otherwise
bypass any approved software through which the Service is made available; use any trademarks, service marks, design
marks, logos, photographs, or other content belonging to Appear Digital Ltd. or obtained from the Service; provide any
false personal information to Appear Digital Ltd; solicit or collect personal information from other Users; disclose
personal information about a third person on the Service or obtained from the Service without the consent of that person;
use the Service to send emails or other communications to persons who have requested that you not send them
communications; use the Service, without Verv's express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose,
including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming; or violate any
applicable federal, state, or local laws or regulations or the terms of this document.

---
10. Content Created by Users and Rights to such Content.
The user consents that as a result of the automatic evaluation of the way the user uses Our Products, he/she may be
exposed to certain offers and/or marketing messages tailored to such user. The user consents that marketing measures
may also be taken in relation to created content, which are marketed by Appear Digital Ltd and/or forYou OÜ. The user
grants Appear Digital Ltd and forYou OÜ the irrevocable, free, non-exclusive and unlimited right to use all content
generated, transmitted, saved and published by such user. Accordingly, Appear Digital Ltd and forYou OÜ shall have the
right to use all content, irrespective of the type of usage, including but not limited by machine learning, data analysis,
data predictions, computer vision processing, etc. This shall include the right to change and edit such content, unless such
changes or edits impair material interests of the user. In this connection, the user waives, to the extent legally permissible,
all intellectual property rights. Appear Digital Ltd and forYou OÜ do not claim ownership of any content created by users
and will not supervise such content.

---
11. Disclaimer of warranties.
You agree that the use of the services is entirely at your own risk. The services are provided on an “as is” and “as
available" basis. The company expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including,
without limitation, any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. The
company does not make any warranty that the services will meet your requirements, or that access to the services will be
uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected. the company makes no warranties as
to the results that may be obtained from the use of the services or as to the accuracy, quality, or reliability of any
information obtained through the services. The company disclaims any warranties for other services or goods received
through or advertised on the services, or accessed through any links on the services. The company disclaims any
warranties for viruses or other harmful components in connection with the services. Some jurisdictions do not allow the
disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you insofar as
they relate to implied warranties.

---
12. Limitations of liability.
Under no circumstances shall the company be liable for any damages resulting directly or indirectly from any aspect of
your use of the website, content or services. You must evaluate, and agree to bear all risks associated with, the use of any
content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the services. You specifically
acknowledge that the company is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of users or third parties.
Additionally, in no event will the company be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential
damages, including, without limitation, any loss of use, loss of profits, loss of data, cost of procurement of substitute
products or services, or any other such damages, howsoever caused, and on any theory of liability, whether for breach of
contract, tort (including negligence and strict liability), or otherwise resulting from (1) the use of, or the inability to use
the services; (2) the cost of procurement of substitute services, items, or website; (3) unauthorized access to or alteration
of your transmissions or data; (4) the statements or conduct of any third party on the services; or (5) any other matter
relating to the services. These limitations will apply whether or not the company has been advised of the possibility of
such damages and notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. You acknowledge and
understand that the disclaimers, exclusions and limitations of liability set forth herein form an essential basis of the
agreement between you and the company and that absent such disclaimers, exclusions and limitations of liability, the
terms and conditions of this terms of use and your access to the websites and services would be substantially different. In
some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing limitations may
not apply to you.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Privacy Policy
Appear Digital Ltd (we / us / our) operates the forYou mobile application (the “Service”). This page informs you of our
policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.

---
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. By using the Service,
you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this
Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

---
1. Information Collection And Use
We collect the following Personal Data and information from you:
1.1 - Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas
of our application you visited.
1.2 - Physical Data. This may include your gender identity, age, weight, sleeping schedule, nutrition information.
1.3 - Device and Usage Information that may include information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model,
operating system, advertising identifier and similar information); information about your use of features, functions, or
notifications on the device.
1.4 - Information about your mobile device such as your mobile device id (similar to a website IP address), device type,
and mobile service carrier.

---
1.5 - Correspondence Data. While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited
to, your email address (“Personal Information”). We may collect this information for the purpose of providing the
Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders,
and improving our services. You have the right to request its deletion by contacting us. The personal information will be
delisted within 30 days upon receiving the request.

---
1.6 - Facial Data Processing, for not authorized users:
• If you store your avatar that contains your face picture («selfie"), you give us the right to store this picture on our
server and you have the right to request its deletion by contacting us. The picture will be delisted within 30 days
upon receiving the request.

---
1.7 - Facial Data Processing, for authorized users:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• We collect and store your not-modified facial data on our service only for providing the service.
• You give us the right to store this picture on our server and you have the right to request its deletion by contacting
us. The picture will be delisted within 30 days upon receiving the request.

---
2. Log Data
When you access our Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically,
including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your
mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics (“Log
Data").

---
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to
your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve
our services for you. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The
Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when
receiving a new cookie. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we
recommend that you leave them turned on.

---
4. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to
perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access
to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your
information for any other purpose communications.

---
5. Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable,
commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order
to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. Your consent to this Privacy Policy
followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

---
7. Children's Privacy
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children using our service.
Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from children under 13, or equivalent
minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, without verifiable parental consent. If we learn that we have collected the
personal information of a child under 13, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, without first receiving
verifiable parental consent we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.