Who collects and processes your Personal Data?
This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") describes the collection and processing of information about you that can directly or indirectly
identify you (the "Personal Data") carried out by "AR Drawing: Sketch & Paint" app (the "App"), which is available on Google Play,
App Store platforms (the "Platform").
When you use the App developed by us and/or by our partner developers, we can collect your Personal Data.
This Privacy Policy provides (1) the App users; and (2) other subjects with information on which Personal Data we collect and how we
process such Personal Data. Unless expressly provided otherwise, all of the following terms apply to all of the above categories of data
subjects.
---
How do we collect your Personal Data?
We collect Personal Data in the following ways:
1. if you provide it to us (for example, in case you contact us); or
2. automatically by electronic means (for example, when we connect third-party analytics services for the purposes set forth in the Privacy
Policy below); or
3. if we receive your Personal Data from third-parties (for example, when you download our App, we may receive some Personal Data
from the platforms through which you download the relevant App).
---
Which Personal Data do we process and how?
We respect your privacy and aim to limit the Personal Data that we collect from you to the amount, which is strictly necessary to fulfill the
purposes of processing. Categories of Personal Data that we process are specified below.
Your Personal Data in the App is used as follows:
---
1. To perform analytics on your use of our App
To help us improve our App, enhance existing features, and add new ones you'll enjoy, we collect some basic Personal Data about how you
use the App. Please note, we don't store this data ourselves, and we never sell it or use it for anything else.
Instead, this data is automatically sent to trusted analytics platforms (listed in our Privacy Policy below). These platforms process the data
and share reports with us that are either anonymous or only use limited, non-identifiable information. This helps us understand how the App
is used and how we can make it better for you.
List of Personal Data
• Device Information: The manufacturer and model, operating system, browser type, IP address,
and unique identifiers of the device you use to access the App. The information we collect may
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
vary based on your device type and settings.
• Usage Information: Information about how you use our App, such as the types of content that
you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and
duration of your activities.
---
2. To provide you with paid features on the App and execute the refund
From time to time, we may offer you paid features in the App. In order to receive payments, confirm payment status, provide you with paid
features on the App, and ensure that you can receive a refund for in-app purchases, we require certain Personal Data that we receive from
the Platform through which you download our App.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT PROCESS YOUR BANK, DEBIT, OR CREDIT CARD DETAILS, ACCOUNT
DETAILS, OR OTHER PAYMENT DETAILS OTHER THAN THOSE PROVIDED TO US BY THE PLATFORM
THROUGH WHICH YOU DOWNLOAD THE APP.
List of Personal Data
• Users of our App: account ID.
• Usage Information: Information about how long you have been using our App, as well as your
purchase history.
---
3. To consider and reply to incoming queries
You may contact us by email indicated on our website, as well as this Privacy policy, with a question/request/complaint, etc. In such cases,
we will have to process Personal Data you provide to give you the appropriate feedback on your inquiry.
List of Personal Data
Users of our App: Email, full name and surname.
---
What is the data retention period?
We exclusively collect your Personal Data without retaining it. All Personal Data is exclusively stored on your devices as long as you're
using our App. Our third-party collaborators adhere to a data retention policy, ensuring the removal of your personal data accordingly. We
process your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of the processing.
---
Analytics Platforms
To make our App better and improve your experience, we use trusted analytics tools that collect and analyze data for us. These tools help us
understand how people use the App and how it's performing. The data they collect is aggregated and anonymized, so your privacy stays
protected.
We work with the following third-party analytics platforms for this purpose:
• Google Firebase - Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy, https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites,
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
• Apphud - Privacy policy: https://legal.apphud.com/privacy
• Google Analytics - Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
• AppMetrica - Privacy policy: https://yandex.com/legal/metrica_agreement/en/
• CAS.AI - Privacy policy: https://cas.ai/privacy-policy-3/
• Adjust - Privacy policy: https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy
• Facebook SDK - Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
---
Independent third parties processing your Personal Data
In some cases, your Personal Data regarding your use of App may be processed by third parties who act as an independent controller when
you make in-app purchases payments.
When you make payments related to the App, you submit your payment details to the relevant platform (Google Play, App Store, etc.) that
processes your payments. We only receive a limited amount of information that is listed in the section "Which Personal Data do we process
and how?". We do not receive any Personal Data about you or your bank details. Please, refer to the privacy policy of the relevant platform
to check how it processes your payment data:
---
How do we handle children's Personal Data?
Use of our App is limited to users aged 16 years and above. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about or direct or target
personalized advertisements to anyone under the age of 16, or knowingly allow such persons to use our App. If you are accepting this
Privacy Policy and using the App, you warrant you are 16 or more years old. If you are under the age of 16, please do not send any Personal
Data to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data about a child under age 16, we will delete that Personal Data as quickly as
possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
---
How can we update this Privacy Policy?
The App and our business may change from time to time. As a result, we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will
post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by applicable law. By continuing to use our App or providing
us with personal information after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you consent to
the revised Privacy Policy and the practices described in it.