1. Introduction
LOGICLABS LIMITED (collectively, “LOGICLABS LIMITED”, “us”, “our” or “we”) develops and
publish games for mobile devices. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the ways we
collect, store, use, and disclose the information, including personal information, and data that our
users (“users” or “you”) provide and any LOGICLABS Art Ltd. game provided on a mobile platform
(each a "Service,” collectively, the “Services”). Additionally, this Policy describes your rights and
choices concerning your information.

---

Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by
LOGICLABS Ltd. through your use of the Services. LOGICLABS LIMITED is not responsible for
the actions of individuals with no relationship to LOGICLABS LIMITED or third-party companies,
the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or
services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation
with, those individuals or companies.

---

If you do not want LOGICLABS LIMITED to collect, store, use, or share your information in the
ways described in this Policy, you should not use our Services.

---

2. Information and Data We Collect from You and How We Collect It
When you use our Services, you may give us your contact information directly on our website,
generally your name and email address.

---

Registration Information: We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible
to other LOGICLABS LIMITED users (“Account"). If you create an Account, you may provide us
you name, a username, e-mail address, a password and other information that helps us confirm
that it is you accessing your Account. We may do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you
may choose to skip. If you sign into the Services with Facebook Connect we will collect
information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2)
Facebook ID, (3) Profile Picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends. Your Account may be used
to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which may include user-to-user
interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and
other similar features. The LOGICLABS LIMITED username will be public and will be shown to
other users, but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have
designated as public in your user profile settings.

---

We may also offer you the ability to import your contacts or manually enter e-mail addresses so
that you can locate your contacts on LOGICLABS LIMITED and invite your contacts to join you in
the Services. We will store those contacts for purposes of helping you and your contacts make
connections through our Services.

---

Payment Information: When you order any good or service through the Services, including any
virtual currency or virtual good, our payment processing service provider will collect your name,
phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete credit card
information that enables them to receive your payment. Our payment processing service provider
may also retain this information to enable you to purchase additional items through our Services
without having to re-enter it each time. Please note that purchases from third parties may also be
subject to additional policies

---

InformationCollected by Customer Support: When you ask for assistance from our Customer
Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name
and e-mail address), information about your gameplay or activity on the Services, and your user-
name or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.

---

Technical and Usage Information: When you access our Services, we may collect (i) certain
technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including IP Address, mobile
device ID (IDFA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), and the version of your operating
system; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Services. In certain Services we
will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may
collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country,
and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name, or e-mail
address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the
Services. This information is typically collected through the use of third-party mobile device
software development kits. We may occasionally send you push notifications through our
Services to send you game updates, high scores and other service-related notifications that may
be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of
communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.

---

3. How We Use Your Information
LOGICLABS LIMITED 's primary goals in using your information are to create your account,
provide Services to you, troubleshoot, improve and optimize our Services, contact you, conduct
research and create reports for internal use. We use information collected through our Service for
purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example,
we may use your information to:

---

Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your
preferences and provide you with better services.

---

Advertising. To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow advertising
networks of our affiliates and partner networks to collect information about your mobile device to
enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes the following:
Device make, model and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery;
Carrier;
Operating system;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the
Services;
Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services; and
- Advertising ID (IDFA on iOS devices and GAID on Android devices).

---

You may also limit data collection by third parties by using your mobile device settings. Please
note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or
applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, please not
that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser, or use a different mobile
device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices.

---

We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:

---

We may use analytics services provided by third parties, including Google Analytics. These
service providers may use cookies to collect information about your online activities across this
and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes. To learn more about how Google analytics
collects and processes data and the choices Google may offer to control these activities, you may
visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/.

---

5. Specific Provisions for EU Individuals
This section only applies to individuals located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom,
or Switzerland (collectively, the "Designated Countries") at the time of data collection.

---

We may ask you to identify which country you are in when you use or access some of the
Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in. When
we rely on your IP address, we cannot apply the terms of this section to any individual that masks
or otherwise hides their location information from us so as not to appear located in the
Designated Countries. If any terms in this section conflict with other terms contained in this Policy,
the terms in this section shall apply to individuals in the Designated Countries.

---

LOGICLABS LIMITED takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized
access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith efforts
to store the information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is not
available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its
transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and
security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent
third-party "hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or
represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third
parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

---

8. Our Policy Regarding Children.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly
allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not send any information
about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one
under the age of 16 may provide any personal data. In the event that we learn that we have
collected personal data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as
possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of
16, please contact us.

---

9. Transfer of Personal Data Outside Your Country.
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties
across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the
world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection
laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to
enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you,
including personal data, as described in this Policy.

---

11. Specific Provisions for California Consumers
These additional provisions for California consumers apply only to individuals who reside in
California. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to
know, delete and opt out, and requires “businesses” collecting or disclosing personal information
to provide notice and a means to exercise those rights.

---

Categories of personal information collected in the preceding 12 months

---

Business purpose for collection

---

Right to Know and Right to Delete For any of the personal information described above, you can
request to know what personal information we collected, disclosed, used and sold, and request
that we delete your personal information at any time.