• We are thoughtful about the personal information we
ask you to provide and the personal information that
we collect about you through the operation of our
services.

---

• We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use,
and share your personal information.

---

("Site"), we offer podcast fans tools that make it easier
to discover and organize podcasts, and to customize the
listening experience. Below we explain how we collect,
use, and share information about you, along with the
choices that you have with respect to that information.

---

Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a
reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services,
to communicate with you, or to make our Services
better.

---

We collect this information from three sources: if and
when you provide information to us, automatically
through operating our Services, and from outside
sources. Let's go over the information that we collect.

---

Information You Provide Us
It's probably no surprise that we collect information that
you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:

---

• Your Podcasts: The most important thing we collect
from you are your podcast subscriptions/follows, up
next queue, episode filters, episode data, and
settings configuration.

---

• Account Information: To use the core features of
our Services, you must register and open an
“Account” with us by providing your name, email
address, and a password.

---

• Transactional Information: If you choose to
purchase a subscription to Pocket Casts Plus, we
may collect information to complete and record the
transaction. For example, we'll collect information,
like your name and credit card information, to
process those payments. We also keep a record of
the purchases you've made.

---

• Communications with Us: You may also provide us
with information when you provide us feedback or
communicate with our support team. When you
communicate with us via form, email, phone, or
otherwise, we store a copy of our communications
(including any call recordings as permitted by
applicable law). You can choose not to provide us
with certain information, but this may limit the
features of the Services you are able to use.

---

Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:

---

• Log information: Like most online service providers,
we collect information that web browsers, mobile
devices, and servers typically make available,
including the browser type, IP address, unique
device identifiers, language preference, referring site,
the date and time of access, operating system, and
mobile network information. We collect log
information when you use our Services — for
example, when you log into your account, listen to a
podcast, or modify your podcast
subscriptions/follows.

---

• Device and Usage Information: We collect
information about your device including the device
make and model, your wireless carrier, a device ID,
some basic device settings like font size and
language, and how you use our Services. In
addition, in the event our App(s) crash on your
mobile device, we will receive additional information
about your device and session, which allows us to
identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the
performance of our App(s).

---

• Location Information: We may determine the
approximate location of your device from your IP
address. We collect and use this information to
understand where our users are located so we can
identify what features might be meaningful to them.

---

• Information from Cookies & Other Technologies:
Like many online services, we use cookies to collect
information. A cookie is a string of information that a
website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the
visitor's browser provides to the website each time
the visitor returns. SDKs are third party software
integrated into an app that provide additional
functionality. Automattic uses cookies and other
technologies like SDKs to help us identify and track
visitors, usage, and access preferences for our
Services, as well as track and understand email
campaign effectiveness.

---

Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other
sources. For example:

---

• Third Party Account Information: When you
connect an account from another service we
typically get some basic information about your
account with them. For example, when you connect
Pocket Casts to your Apple or Google account in
order to log in, we may access certain user data
such as your name, user ID, email, etc. to provide
our Services.

---

How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it's no
longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and
use it — described in the section above on “How We
Use Information” — and we're not legally required to
keep it.
For example, we keep web server logs for a few months.
We retain the logs for this period of time in order to,
among other things, analyze traffic, and investigate
issues if something goes wrong.
As another example, if you delete your sync account we
will discard your account information including your
email address, password, and podcast
subscriptions/follows, lists, and listening history.

---

• Set your browser to reject cookies: You can
usually choose to set your browser to remove or
reject browser cookies before using our Sites, with
the drawback that certain features may not function
properly without the aid of cookies.

---

• Opt out of our internal analytics program: You can
do this through your app settings. By opting out, you
will stop sharing information with our analytics tool
about events or actions that happen after the opt-
out.

---

US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents
with additional information about the categories of
personal information we collect and share, where we get
that personal information, and how and why we use it.

---

In the last 12 months, we collected the following
categories of personal information, depending on the
Services used:
• Identifiers (like your name, email address, and
device and online identifiers);
• Commercial information (your billing information and
purchase history, for example);
• Characteristics protected by law (for example, you
might provide your gender as part of a research
survey for us);
• Internet or other electronic network activity
information (such as your usage of our Services);
• Geolocation data (such as your location based on
your IP address); and
• Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such
as the custom audio files you upload);

---

You can find more information about what we collect
and sources of that information in the Information We
Collect section above.

---

We collect personal information for the business and
commercial purposes described in the “How We Use
Information" section. And we share this information with
the categories of third parties described in the “How We
Share Information” section. We retain this information for
the length of time described in our “How Long We Keep
Information" section.

---

• Request a copy of the specific pieces of information
we collect about you and, if you're in California, to
know the categories of personal information we
collect, the categories of business or commercial
purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of
sources from which the information came, and the
categories of third parties we share it with;

---

• Request deletion of personal information we collect
or maintain;

---

• Request correction of personal information we
collect or maintain;

---

We do not "sell” or “share” your personal data as those
terms are defined under the privacy laws of the relevant
US states. We also do not have any knowledge of any
“sales” or “sharing” of the personal data of minors under
16 years of age. We do not collect or process your
sensitive personal information except where it is strictly
necessary to provide you with our service, where the
processing is not for the purpose of inferring
characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do
not require an option to limit under California law.

---

Third Party Software and Services
This Privacy Policy addresses only our use and
disclosure of information we collect from and/or about
you on our Services. If you'd like to use third party
software and services, any information you disclose to
that third party is not covered by this Privacy Policy.

---

How to Reach Us
If you have any questions or concerns or complaints
about our Privacy Policy or our information collection or
processing practices, or if you want to report any
security violations to us, please contact us at
support@pocketcasts.com.