Your privacy is important to Our App Service. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and
store your information. We hope our policy is straightforward and easy-to-understand. Please take a minute to review the
details of our privacy practices below.

---

2. How We Collect Information
We collect information in order to provide you with better, higher-quality, and more personalized services. We collect
information by the following means:
(I)When you use our email support services, we collect your correspondence in order to build up a public knowledge
base, which will be available to all users of the site. Your correspondence will most likely not be used verbatim, but
paraphrased in an FAQ format.
(II)The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy
settings, and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, browser,
Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application
distribution channel, independent deice identifier, Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and
international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal
device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network
state (WiFi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc.

---

How We Use Information
We use the information collected through this app product:
(I) to communicate with you; (II) to process your requests and transactions; (III) to improve the app; (IV) to customize
the services and/or products we provide to you; (V) to assist with our product and service development; (VI) to perform
marketing analysis; and (VII) for other purposes related to our business.

---

Sharing of personal data
To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on
our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data
analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these
companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.

---

4. Legal basis for data processing
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process
personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide
you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply
with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to
law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the
security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our
customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising
purposes).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in order for
us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our App.

---

6. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has
provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from
anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our
servers.