Our products("service", "we,") collects some information from you in order to provide better service
and better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy policy explains how
we collect, use, and protect your information.
---
1. Information we may collect from you and how we use it:
When you use our services, we automatically collect Non-Personal information about the device you
use to access our services and your usage of our services.
- The information we collect may include (where available) the type and model of the device you use,
the device's unique device identifier, operating system, language options and mobile network
information to allow you to use our services. We use this information to administer our services and
for our internal operations including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and
survey purposes, to improve our services.
---
2. Explaination for permissions:
CAMERA :
Camera sensor, which is used for the purpose of taking photos.
A permission is required to use the phone's camera hardware,It is necessary for the basic
function of the application.
AUDIO RECORD:
Microphone data, which is used for the purpose of recording videos.
It is a necessary permission for recording voices during video recording. It can not be used for
any other purpose.
ACCESS LOCATION:
Location permission is required for geotagging of photos, but this is disabled by default. If
enabled, your location is encoded in the saved image and video files (and it is only used for this
purpose).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
3. Information collected by our Third Party Advertising Partners:
We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners
include but are not limited to Google AdMob, Facebook Audience Network, and etc.
Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type,
advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID, randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going
into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated
with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device.
---
4. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. Should we become aware of inadvertently
collecting Personal Data from minors without appropriate parental consent, we will endeavor to
promptly delete such data from our systems.