WHAT ARE YOU READING HERE?
This is our Privacy Policy, explaining which data we collect and how we use it (the Privacy Policy). In
addition, you can read how we store and protect your data and which privacy rights you can invoke. When
we refer to you in this Privacy Policy, we mean you as a user of our App. This Privacy Policy applies to our
website www.relive.cc (https://www.relive.com). (the Website), our App and the services or products we
provide (the Services).

---
--- [SECTION: SECTION 2 - DATA COLLECTION] ---
We may receive your data in a few different ways. We receive data you directly share with us, for example
when you create an account or when you upload certain activities. Sometimes we also collect data
ourselves, for example on how you use our Services. Finally, we may also receive data when you use third-
party service providers that we facilitate via our App. Below we have explained in more detail which data we
collect, how we use it and our legal motivation.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [SECTION: SECTION 2.1 – DATA COLLECTED BY RELIVE] ---
We shall only use your data for the following purposes or for compatible purposes. By doing so, we will not
use your data in an unexpected manner.

ACCOUNT DATA
In order to start using Relive, you need to sign up and create an account. Your account details can be
changed or supplemented at any time in the settings section in the App. We use account data so that you
can log in to Relive and we can personalize our Services. We also use your account data to communicate
with you about our Services, for example when you've forgotten your password or when your video is ready.
That way we can help you use our Services and inform you about relevant updates. You can manage your
contact settings on your profile.
•
first and/or last name
• username
• email address
•
bio (optional)
• profile picture (optional)

---
PAYMENT DATA
You can upgrade your personal account to use Relive Plus, our premium service. To bring you Relive Plus,
we process payment data to facilitate payments, send invoices and update our financial administration,
being:
•
payment details: contact- and credit card details
•
overview of the purchases of our Services
•
Invoices
We don't process any payment information at all if you pay via Apple or Google.

---
LOCATION DATA
In order to provide Relive's core Services, it is necessary for us to track the location of your device while you
are using Relive. We collect and process the location of your device when you sign up for and use our
Services. We do not track the location of your device when you are not using the App. If you want to stop
device location tracking, you can do so at any time by adjusting your device settings.

---
CONTENT DATA
We gather information from the photos, posts, comments, ratings, reviews, and other content you share on
the Services, including when you participate in challenges or create routes.

---
TECHNICAL INFORMATION AND LOG FILES
We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provide us with technical
information when you access or use the Services. This technical information includes device and network
information, cookies, log files and analytics information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
The Services use log files. The information stored in those files includes IP addresses, browser type, internet
service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This
information is used to analyze trends, administer, protect and secure the Services, track member
movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses
may be linked to session IDs, athlete IDs and device identifiers.

---
ACTIVITY DATA
We collect the following activity data:
•
•
your tracked route (GPS-points);
media data: photos and videos;
•
additional information you may add to the activity, such as the title you give to an activity or tagging
of a photo.
We process your activity data in order to provide our Services to you:
i. We can record your activities and analyze your performances, in order to provide you with the relevant
feedback;
ii. You can interact with other users on the App. This allows you to participate in challenges, follow other
users and communicate with each other;
iii. We can manage your training. For example, to set goals and use your training dashboard;
iv. Discover new places to go. For example, to discover routes where you can run or ride or to identify
points of interest;
v. To visualize your activities in new ways. For example, by creating personal heatmaps or personal
videos.
vi. To enrich the content in our App. For example, we can add publicly available photos of users to routes,
unless you have opted out for this functionality.

---
DATA FROM THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS
If you sign up via third parties (such as Google or Apple), we will receive profile data to create a Relive
account. If you cancel the process of signing up, we cannot provide you with our Services and we will not
save the data you entered.
We also collaborate with third party applications like Garmin and Polar Flow (Trackers). You should exercise
caution when sharing information through Trackers and you should carefully review the privacy practices of
these third parties. By connecting your account with a Tracker, you give Relive permission to transfer and
use data, provided by the Trackers, for the purposes of making a personal video or route. You can always
disconnect these Trackers via your settings, upon which we will stop collecting data related to your
activities and delete the imported data in accordance with the our retention periods.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• profile information on the third party service in order to fill and update your Relive profile;
• activity data: note that when you use Relive via a Tracker, the activity data may include health data
such as your heart rate. We are not able to delete this data as it is often embedded in the received
activity data.

---
Additionally, we use Snowplow to collect user experience data on the Website. This enables us to conduct
optimisations on the Website. We collect the following data via Snowplow:
• Timestamps
•
Details about the page visit
•
User agent details
•
Browser settings
•
Session identifier
•
Session index

---
The detailed information is stored for 30 days. We also collect pseudonymised IP information and a visitor
identifier based on a custom cookie which is valid for 30 days. This data is processed on the basis of
legitimate interest (improving the website experience). And none of the data is shared across domains.

---
We also use Unbounce as a third-party service on our landing pages (e.g. www.relive.com) to enhance our
website's functionality and improve user experience. Unbounce allows us to create, manage, and analyse
landing pages to better serve our visitors. This service may collect and store data, such as your IP address,
device information, and interaction with our landing pages. We utilise this data to optimize our content and
marketing efforts. Unbounce adheres to strict data protection standards, and any data shared with them is
managed in accordance with our privacy policy and relevant data protection laws. For more information on
data protection and security at Unbounce, click here (https://unbounce.com/security/)..

---
DATA FOR MARKETING AND PROMOTIONAL REASONS
We use the following data to offer and promote our Services, activities and events on Relive and other
commercial products or Services.
• name
•
email address
• interests
• purchase overview

---
--- [SECTION: SECTION 2.2 – LEGAL BACKGROUND] ---
We consider Personal Data to be any data relating to an identified or identifiable person, in conformity with
the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR). As an identified or identifiable person to whom the
Personal Data relates, you are the Data Subject in this context. We process your Personal Data in
accordance with the GDPR and all other relevant legislation and regulations in the field of protection of

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Personal Data, like the Dutch Telecommunications Act (Telecommunicatiewet) regarding the use of cookies
(the Relevant Legislation). We are allowed to process your Personal Data, because we comply with the
Relevant Legislation. The processing of your Personal Data is based on the following grounds of the GDPR:

PERFORMANCE OF THE CONTRACT
We process (part of) your account data, payment data, location data and activity data in order to fulfill our
agreement with you. We need to process this Personal Data so we can provide our core Services to you:
•
•
Create an account and give you access to the Services
Record your activities
• Help you analyze your performance. For example, to compare your past efforts and analyze your
training
• Help you manage your training. For example, to set goals and use your training dashboard
•
Process your Relive membership
•
Responding to your support requests and comments.

---
LEGITIMATE INTEREST
We process (part of) your location data, public activity data and data for marketing purposes based on our
legitimate interest. For the legal basis of legitimate interest, an assessment was made on behalf of our
interests on the one hand and your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms as the Data Subject on the
other. This balancing test assesses whether your interests should override ours. Processing your Personal
Data on the legitimate interest ground is important to us, because it enables us to offer you a better App
and Services. More specifically, we can:
•
•
•
•
Support community powered features: enable you to find new ways to interact through our Services.
For example, we allow users to explore each other's routes or allow users to participate in challenges.
Convert your data in aggregate form to enhance our Services: identify points of interest or popular
areas, customize the Service (e.g. suggesting routes, challenges, etc.) and create global heat maps.
Customize the Services: we may suggest routes or challenges that may interest you or new features
you may want to try.
Promote the Services: through Service-related email and product-related marketing campaigns to
make you aware of our Services.

---
CONSENT
We request your consent to process your data for certain purposes and you are entitled to withdraw your
consent at any time. We ask your consent:
•
•
For collecting and processing data from Trackers which you connect to your Relive account, including
possible health information such as your heart rate
To access photos, location and contact information through your device-based settings, after you have
enabled the settings
If we process the data, you provide us subject to your consent, your consent is limited to the specific
content of such a consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time through our settings.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
LEGAL OBLIGATIONS OR TO ESTABLISH, EXERCISE OR
DEFEND LEGAL CLAIMS
We process data if we are required to do so by law, for example in the context of a legally valid and binding
legal action by a law enforcement agency to obtain certain data. In addition, we may be required to process
data to establish, bring or defend civil or criminal claims in connection with actual or potential litigation, for
example to protect Relive's services, our property or other legal rights, including those of our members or
partners.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [SECTION: SECTION 5 – DATA SHARING] ---
PROCESSORS
We may share your Personal Data with third parties that provide Services to Relive. These are Processors
within the meaning of the Relevant Legislation. Processors are given access only to the Personal Data they
need to perform these limited tasks on our behalf and are obligated to protect and safeguard your Personal
Data. In addition, we agree with Processors that they will handle your Personal Data with care. We might
share the following Personal Data with Processors:
•
Payment providers – your payment data for the execution of payment services;
• Google Analytics – your behaviour on our Website and App, to help us improve our Services;
•
Wufoo - your email address, to provide you with contact forms.
•
Cloud and hosting providers - relevant data for the hosting and storage of our App;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
AGGREGATED DATA USE
We may aggregate the information you and others make available to Relive to enhance the service. For
example – we may aggregate your activity data to identify popular routes or points of interest to share with
the community. When you join Relive your account is set to allow aggregated data use by default. You can
change this at any time in the privacy settings.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
PUBLIC PHOTOS ON ROUTES
We may show photos that you have chosen to upload to Relive to other users when they are viewing Routes
in our app. We do this by default for profiles set to Everyone who have activities set to Public. You can opt
out of this at any time in the privacy settings.

---
PRIVACY ZONE
We offer privacy zones. You can notify us of important locations you want to hide, such as your home or
work address, by enabling a privacy zone in your settings. Privacy zones apply going forward but not
retroactively. Any part of your activity that is covered by a privacy zone, including photos and videos, will be
private and therefore not visible to other users. The part of your activity covered by a privacy zone will only
be visible to you, and the relevant data will still contribute to statistics and challenges. Finally, we will not
use the part of your activity covered by a privacy zone for our aggregate data use.
Trackers may also allow you to create privacy zones. Please note that Trackers might not always accurately
share this data with us, but rather give us the unfiltered data. If you see your route within your privacy zone,
we advise you to contact the relevant Tracker to stop sharing locations within your privacy zone.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [SECTION: SECTION 8 – COOKIES] ---
A cookie is a small text file that can be sent via the server of a website to the browser. The browser saves this
file to your computer. Your computer is tagged with a unique number, which enables our site to recognize
that computer in the future.
We use cookies to improve the user experience on our Website. Moreover, cookies ensure that our Website
and App work faster, that you can visit our Website and App safely and that we can track and solve errors on
our Website and App.
You can always delete or disable cookies yourself via the browser settings. No more cookies will be stored
when you visit our Website or App. However, please note that without cookies, our Website and App may
not function as well as it should.