Our services and products protect privacy. We are aware that your privacy is of the utmost importance and
take it seriously. Our TeleGuard guidelines for data protection ("Privacy policy") describe our guidelines and
measures for the collection, use, publication and disclosure of your information, if you use TeleGuard.
Swisscows AG is the data controller for your personal data, which is collected through the TeleGuard platform.
This data protection policy applies to all activities and products of Swisscows AG and its partners and
subsidiaries (combined to "TeleGuard", "we" or "us"). For clarification, personal data / information in this text
refers to information that relates to an identified or identifiable person.

---
What data do we collect?

---
Data collection regarding your user account ("personal data")
When registering and / or purchasing on our website, you will be asked to provide the email address and
payment information that you voluntarily provide to us when ordering or subscribing to our services, as well as
by filling out any contact form on the website. This information is collected to properly manage your account
and / or order to provide you with our customer service and, if you choose, to send you our newsletter and
occasional promotional offers. The above personal information is never associated with any type of activity
performed by the user within TeleGuard that is NOT recorded, logged or stored at all.

---
How do we collect personal data?
Our website contains registration forms (e.g. during the payment process or during customer support and
verification) that ask users to provide certain information, such as their email address, at their own discretion,
as described in detail above. We use this information to create an account, provide customer support, send
you news and updates, and promotional materials about our products or from our partners, if you requested.
Under no circumstances will this information be passed on to third parties.

---
Your rights and control:
Your main data protection rights in relation to your personal data that you leave or send to us are:

---
We offer you the opportunity to make certain decisions and controls in connection with our treatment of your
personal data that you transfer to us. Depending on your relationship with us, these choices and controls may
include access to the personal information we collect about you; correction, update or deletion of any
information we have associated with you. If you would like to exclude yourself from the data collection or
cannot exercise your rights via your account, please contact us at: support@teleguard.com. If you make such a
request, please note that we may need certain information from you to verify your identity and localize your
data, and that the process of searching and deleting the data may take a reasonable amount of time and effort.
Data protection and the associated laws in your legal system may grant you other or additional rights in
connection with the data that we receive from you, which may also be applicable.

---
Children's privacy
You assure and guarantee that you are at least 13 years old and legally authorized to use our service. If you are
under the age of 18, please read the agreement with your parents or guardians. We do not use the service to
knowingly solicit or market data from children under the age of thirteen (13). We request that such persons do
not provide personal data via our services. If you are aware of this or if you have reason to believe that a child
under the age of 13 has passed on information to us, please contact us at: support@teleguard.com.

---
Update of the data protection declaration
If we make changes to our privacy policy at our sole discretion, those changes and updates will take effect
immediately upon notification of the changed privacy policy. We therefore recommend that you regularly check
this data protection declaration for updates so that you are fully informed about how your data is collected and
used by the company and about your rights in this regard. The date of the last revision is shown in the heading
"Last change". Your continued use of the services after notification of such changes represents your
acceptance and consent to such changes to the privacy policy, and your consent to be bound by the terms of
this amended statement.