We think it is important to explain what information We collect, what We do with it and to describe the rights
you will have with respect to your personal data processed by us. Glority strictly complies with the
applicable data protection laws and regulations. Glority is the data controller for any relevant local
legislation.

---

I. What Information We Collect and How It Is Used

---

We may collect and hold personal information related to you that is necessary for the purpose of conducting
our business, including (without limitation) to deliver products, services or information, improve our services
to offer better experience, and to fulfill our regulatory obligations. We will tell you when we ask for your
personal information whether it is a statutory or contractual requirement to give us the information and the
consequences of not providing the information.

---

To undertake above goals, we may collect the following personal information related to our users:

---

User profile: If you are a user of the Application, creating a user profile is optional. If you register for a user
account with the Application, we may collect certain information such as your e-mail address, username
and password. You can also use your social media login (such as sign in with Apple) to register with us.
Note, however, that we do not collect information from your social media account.

---

User content: We will collect any user content you create, share, or post to the Application, which may
include information contained in your user account, as well as photos or other image files and associated
metadata. Please note that other users of the Application may be able to download and extract any images
shared publicly on the Application.

---

Do not provide financial account numbers, social security numbers, pictures of other individuals,
information regarding your health status or of other individuals or any other sensitive or
confidential information via the Application.

---

Location Information: When you use our services, we don't collect your precise location information using
geo-location technology. However, we do collect your IP address from which we can only determine your
coarse location and cannot identify your physical location. This allows us to enhance our services and your
experience, and ensure that you are receiving relevant content.

---

We may also collect information that you submit when you contact the customer support, or otherwise
submit information to the Company, including email address, and other information submitted during your
use of the Application.

---

Device and Internet Usage: If you download the Application, we may collect information from your device,
including identifiers to help us identify your device's hardware and operating system. Device information
may be accessed using industry standard identifiers such as those approved by your device operating
system manufacturer.

---

Cookies: Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain
features and functionality. We and our service providers use cookies to automatically collect information,
measure and analyze which pages you click on and how you use the application, enhance your experience
using the application, improve our services. Cookies may include information such as your login or
registration identification, user preferences, time spent on a website and pages visited. We may also use
third-party tracking technology to record similar information regarding you and your activity on the
Application. Google Analytics may collect your IP address, data related to the device/browser, or other
information about your use of the Application and may do so using cookies. Google Analytics' data practices
are governed by the Google Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. By using the
Application, you consent to our use of Cookies.

---

Additionally, we allow our service providers (including analytics vendors and advertising networks) to collect
information about your online activities through cookies. These third parties may use this information to
display advertisements on our application and elsewhere online tailored to your interests, preferences, and
characteristics. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information
practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

---

The criteria
used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal information is needed to provide
the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal information collected; and (iii) whether we
are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the personal information (e.g., mandatory
data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be
retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).

---

The Application is hosted in the United States. Therefore, personal information collected from you, including
via the Application, will be transferred to the United States. Such transfer may not provide a similar level of
protection to that provided by countries in foreign jurisdictions. As discussed above, we have a legitimate
interest in utilizing service providers in the United States to provide you with the services.

---

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16, and in the event that
we learn that a child under the age of 16 has provided information on the Application, we will delete that
information as soon as possible.

---

If you have any queries regarding privacy issues or if you wish to exercise your data rights as described
above, email us or visit any of our branches for more information. To ensure that we carry out your
instructions accurately, to help us continually improve our service and in the interests of security, we may
monitor and/or record your telephone calls with us.