This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or
make a purchase from www.giva.co (the “Site”).

---
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information
about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that
you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with
the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information".

---
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
•
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous
unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
•
"Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type,
Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
•
"Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse
the Site.

---
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain
information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including
credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. But we do not store your credit card and other
payment details with us. We refer to this information as “Order Information".

---
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device
Information and Order Information.

---
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including
processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order
confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:

---
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your
IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about
how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and
advertising campaigns).

---
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to
respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise
protect our rights.

---
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use standard practices when we see a Do Not
Track signal from your browser.