Windy Weather World Inc., a company duly incorporated in Delaware, having its registered address
at 2093 Philadelphia Pike, Claymont, Delaware (“WindyApp" or "we", “our”, “us”), receives,
collects, stores, and manages user personal data according to the following Privacy We take pride
in treating our users' privacy the way we would like to be treated ourselves. We make sure we
comply with US Data Privacy Laws, the EU General Data Protection Regulation as well as other
applicable laws and regulations.

---

1. Data Collected
1.1 Data that you voluntarily provide us with:
1.1.1 You may provide us with your personal data in a number of ways, including, without
limitation, when you sign up for and use the Services; have previously provided us with
personal information prior to this Privacy Policy or last updates coming into effect;
purchase a subscription or make any payment for the Services; subscribe to any alerts,
information releases, news, newsletters, updates and media releases; complete and
submit any forms to us; post any content on or through the App; contact us directly in
person or via any medium including but not limited to by mail, telephone, social media
and commercial electronic messages; communicate with us for any matters and
interact with or browse the App generally.
1.1.2 Personal data that may be provided by you includes, but is not limited to:
1) contact information such as your full name, current and valid email address;
2) account password;
3) physical address;
4) phone number;
5) billing information and purchase history;
6) more detailed contact preferences;
7) location data.

---

1.1.3 By giving us this data, you consent to this data being collected, used, disclosed,
transferred to the United States, Europe, and stored by us, as described in our Terms
and this Privacy Policy.

---

1.2 Data that we collect automatically
1.2.1 We collect data from every visitor and customer of the App, in particular we
automatically collect data about your visit to the App, your usage of the Services and
your app and website browsing activities. This anonymized information may include IP
address, browser type, browser language, cookies data, performance specifications of
the user's hardware and software, date and time of access to the App and the URL of the
page requested, other information about how you interacted with our App and our
Services.
1.2.2 For analytics purposes, we use UserX Analytics (https://userx.pro/) provided by
BUMPIN L.L.C-FZ and Microsoft Clarity provided by Microsoft Corporation
(https://clarity.microsoft.com/), which, in addition to collecting standard anonymized
usage data (such as taps, swipes, and virtual device identifiers), also captures
anonymized screenshots during app usage. All collected data are ANONYMIZED on the
side of end-user devices and DOES NOT CONTAIN any personal, financial or payment
information, other sensitive data, or user-generated private content. All transmitted
data DOESN'T CONTAIN any information resulting from the device camera, microphone,
or other user inputs in the Application. All transmitted data is protected by SSL
encryption.

---

1.3 Data from your use of the Services
1.3.1 We may receive data about how and when you use the Services, store it in log files
or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we
collect about you. This data may include, for example, your IP address, time, date,
browser used, and actions you have taken within the App. This type of data helps us to
improve our Services for both you and for all of our users.

---

1.4 Cookies and tracking
1.4.1 Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device
when you visit a website. Website owners use cookies to make their websites operate,
improve functionality and user experience, as well as to provide reporting information.
1.4.2 We may set our own cookies and use third parties cookies (e.g. for advertising,
interactive content and analytics).
1.4.3 We use different types of cookies, including:
a) Essential website cookies: these are important cookies as they are necessary to
provide you with services available through our App, such as access to secure
areas.
b) Performance and functionality cookies: these cookies are necessary to enhance
the performance and functionality of our App but are non-essential to their use.

---

c) Analytics and customization cookies: these cookies collect information that is
used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our App is being used or
how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our App for
you in order to enhance your experience.
d) Advertising cookies: these cookies are used to make advertising messages more
relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from
continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some
cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
e) Stripe_mid and Stripe_sid: these are cookies that enable the process of card
transactions on the App. The transactions is made by Stripe without storing any
credit card information.

---

1.5 Web beacons and similar technologies
1.5.1 Apart from cookies, we use other similar technologies, like web beacons, to
monitor traffic, deliver and communicate with cookies, improve site performance.
Similar to cookies you may opt out from web beacons at any time. If you wish to opt out
of this processing activity, please contact us at windy@windyapp.co with the subject
named "Privacy Policy".

---

1.6 Data from third party sources
1.6.1 We may receive some information about you, such as name, email address,
demographic information, IP address, location, and use of social media websites, from
third parties.

---

1.7 Opting-Out
1.7.1 You may decline to have your personal data collected via third party tracking
technologies by navigating to the settings feature in your browser and declining all third
party cookies or declining third party cookies from specific sites, or, for mobile, limiting
ad tracking or resetting the advertising identifier via the privacy settings on your mobile
device.
1.7.2 If your browser does not permit you to block any cookies and similar technologies,
you can use the following third party tools to decline the collection and use of
information for the purpose of serving your interest based advertising:
a) The NAI's opt-out platform: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
b) The EDAA's opt-out platform http://www.youronlinechoices.com/

---

c) The DAA's opt-out platform: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN

---

4.3 We don't share your personal information with third parties, except for people and other
entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our “Service
Providers"). We may need to share personal information with our Service Providers in order to
provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our Service Providers do
not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them
beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal
Information with our Service Providers. Our Service Providers are:
#
Entity Name
Webpage
Purpose
We use Google
Analytics for
1.
Google LLC
https://analytics.google.com/
analytical
purpose
For analytical
2.
Amplitude Inc.
https://amplitude.com
purpose
3.
AppsFlyer
https://www.appsflyer.com
For campaign
performance
Meta Platforms, https://www.facebook.com/business/tools/meta-
4.
Inc.
pixel
5.
Stripe, Inc.
https://stripe.com/
We use Meta
Pixel for ads
campaign
For payment
processing

---

For app
analytics
6.
UserX Analytics,
BUMPIN L.L.C-FZ
https://userx.pro/
(session
recordings, heat
maps, etc.)
For app
analytics
Microsoft
7.
https://clarity.microsoft.com/
(session
Corporation
recordings, heat
maps, etc.)

---

7.1 We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is
subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make major
changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an
announcement on the App or sending you an email.

---

10.1 In this section we describe how we handle personal information of California residents
under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This clause covers personal information
that we collect, share and use for the last 12 months.
10.2 We describe the personal information that we collect in section 1 "Data Collected". The
section 3 "Use of the Data” contains information on how we use personal information.

---

10.5.1 Request deletion. You have the right to request deletion of your personal information
that we collect from you;