We are committed to protecting and respecting users' ("you" or "your") privacy. This Privacy Policy explains
how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information, and other individuals in
connection with our Services. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you must not access or use our
Services.
---
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect the following information about you:
•
Your profile information. You give us information when you register your account on the Platform,
including your username, password, gender, date of birth, email address, mobile number, and/or photograph,
and any other information you disclose in your account profile.
•
Your purchase information. When you make a purchase or payment on the Platform, we collect information
about the purchase or payment transaction, such as items you purchased, your payment card information or
your payment information through other electronic payment methods available on the Platform ("Payment
Provider"), your order, billing, delivery, and contact information.
•
Your phone contacts. If you choose to sync your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such
as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the
Platform.
•
Your identity or age. We may ask you to provide proof of identity or age to ensure that you are old enough
to use the Services, or in other instances where verification may be required.
•
Your correspondence. We collect your correspondence with us, including when you contact us for support
or feedback.
•
Services Research and Development. We collect your information through surveys, research, promotion,
contests, marketing campaigns, competitions or events conducted or sponsored by us, in which you participate,
to develop, test and improve our Services.
•
Technical Information. We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Services, such
as your IP address, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device,
the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names
and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. Where you
log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across
devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in
to the Platform.
•
Location Information. We collect information about your approximate location, including location
information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect precise
location data (such as GPS).
•
Cookies. We use cookies and other similar technologies ("Cookies") to automatically collect information,
measure and analyze how you use the Services, including which pages you view most often, enhance your
experience using the Services, and improve the Services. We also use Cookies to promote the Services on other
platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Services to provide certain features and functionality. If you choose
to disable Cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Services.
---
7. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services are not meant to be accessed or used by anyone who is under 18 years old. We do not knowingly
collect information from anyone who is under 18 years old. If we discover that an under 18-year old individual
has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete this information. If you are a parent or
guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent,
please contact us through the Contact Us section below.