This Privacy Policy describes the data that we process to
support Buenovela apps, websites, and related services
offered by Buenovela (“Buenovela"). You can find additional
tools and data in the Buenovela settings. It explains our
practices concerning the personal data we collect from you,
or that you provide to us, in connection with Buenovela. If
you do not agree with this policy, you should not use
Buenovela. Buenovela is provided and controlled by
Singapore New Reading Technology Pte Ltd., with its
registered address at 8 Burn Road #04 – 04Trivex,
Singapore, 369977. ("we"or "us"). If you have any questions
about how we use your personal data, please contact
contacto@buenovela.com.

---

1. Data Collection
The type of data that we collect and process is dependent
on how you use Buenovela. For instance, the data we collect
from the reader on Buenovela is not the same as that from
the author who publishes the novel on Buenovela. Even if
you don't have an account, if you use Buenovela, we'll be
able to collect some data about you.
The data we collect and process is as follows:

---

I. Your Operation and Data you provide
On Buenovela, you can read or publish novels, make
comments, and purchase coins for charged chapters and so
on. We will collect the operation that you may perform on
Buenovela and the data you provide, such as:
• the content you create, for example novel or comments;
• the metadata about the content itself, for example upload
address or creation documents date, in accordance with the
relevant legislation;
• the type of content that you read or comment;
• the application and function you use, and your operation
during this;
• the purchase or other transactions you do including the
credit card data;
• the time, frequency, and duration of your operation.

---

Data under special protection
You can choose to provide data about your age, gender,
address, and email address. These and some other types of
data may be specially protected under the laws of your
jurisdiction.

---

II. Application, Browser and Device Data
We will collect and receive data about the different devices
you use and how you use these devices, and the data that
comes from these devices.
The device data that we collect and receive includes:
• the device and software that you currently use, and other
device characteristics;
• the data that your device links to the Internet, including
your IP address;
• the data that is collected by Cookie (specified in Section
2) and other similar techniques.

---

III. Data that comes from Business Partner,
Supplier and Third Party
We will collect various data and operations that you are on
or out of Buenovela from business partner, supplier and
third party. For example, we will collect your device data,
your using application and the advertisement you view.
Furthermore, a business partner will share us some other
data, such as your email, third-party account data.

---

2. Cookie
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store data on web
browsers. Cookies are used to store and receive identifiers
and other data on computers, phones and other devices.
Other technologies, including data that we store on your
web browser or device, identifiers associated with your
device and other software, are used for similar purposes. In
this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as
"cookies".
We use cookies if you have a Buenovela account, use
Buenovela, including our website and apps, or visit other
websites and apps that use Buenovela. Cookies enable
Buenovela to offer Buenovela to you and to understand the
data that we receive about you, including data about your
use of other websites and apps, whether you are registered
or logged in or not.
We use cookies to:
• Verify log-in data.
• Track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with
the Services.
• Understand the total number of visitors to the Services on
an ongoing basis and the types of devices.
• Monitor the performance of the Services and continually
improve it.
• Customize and enhance your online experience.
• Provide customer service.

---

3. The Ways and Purpose of Data Processing
The types of data we process and the purposes and ways
we process it are as follows:
| The purpose and ways that we process your data for and by | The type of data we use (specified in Section 1). The actual data we use will depend on your actual situation, but may include the following data: |
|---|---|
| Providing Buenovela involves collecting, storing, sharing, analyzing, reviewing, and collating data when necessary, and in some cases using not only automated processing techniques but also a manual (manual) review process to accomplish the following purposes: •Creating and maintaining your account and personal homepage; • Promoting content presenting; • Providing the comments function; • Offering the commercial novels; and • Carrying out an analysis. We also use the available data to develop, study, and test Buenovela improvement. The data we have is used for the following purposes: • Knowing if Buenovela is working properly; • Solving issues and correcting exceptions; • Testing New Features; • Acquiring feedback for Buenovela or functions. | Your Operation and Data you provide • the content you create, for example novel or comments; • the metadata about the content itself, for example upload address or creation documents date, in accordance with the relevant legislation; • the type of content that you read or comment; • the application and function you use, and your operation during this; • the purchase or other transactions you do including the credit card data; • the time, frequency, and duration of your operation. Application, Browser and Device Data • the device and software that you currently use, and other device characteristics; • the data that your device links to the Internet, including your IP address; • the data that is collected by Cookie (specified on Section 2) and other similar techniques. Data that comes from Business Partner, Supplier and Third Party (You can control Buenovela's action to use the business partner data to make a personalizing advertisement) |

---

| The purpose and ways that we process your data for and by | The type of data we use (specified in Section 1). The actual data we use will depend on your actual situation, but may include the following data: |
|---|---|
| We will process your relative data we control and use an automated processing technique, in some cases take a manual (manual)review process to accomplish the following purposes: • Verifying accounts and operations; • Investigating suspicious activity; • Verifying accounts and operations; • Anti-piracy operation; •Detecting, preventing and combating harmful or illegal activities; •Monitoring and preventing spam, as well as other security issues and bad experiences. | Your Operation and Data you provide • the content you create, for example novel or comments; • the metadata about the content itself, for example upload address or creation documents date, in accordance with the relevant legislation; • the type of content that you read or comment; • the application and function you use, and your operation during this; • the purchase or other transactions you do including the credit card data; • the time, frequency, and duration of your operation. Application, Browser and Device Data • the device and software that you currently use, and other device characteristics; • the data that your device links to the Internet, including your IP address; • the data that is collected by Cookie (specified on Section 2) and other similar techniques. Data that comes from Business Partner, Supplier and Third Party |

---

| The purpose and ways that we process your data for and by | The type of data we use (specified in Section 1). The actual data we use will depend on your actual situation, but may include the following data: |
|---|---|
| Processing your data that is specifically protected by the law, so that we can share it with others you permit, in order to better serve you. For this purpose, we collect, store, and publish data, and process it automatically or in some cases by hand (manually). | Your Operation and Data you provide • the data about your age, gender, address, and email address which may be specially protected under the laws of your jurisdiction and be provided by you when you register a Buenovela account. |

---

| The purpose and ways that we process your data for and by | The type of data we use (specified in Section 1). The actual data we use will depend on your actual situation, but may include the following data: |
|---|---|
| Transfer, store, or process your data across borders, including with the United States and other countries. Because Buenovela operates on a global scale, with our users, partners, suppliers and employees all over the world, it is necessary for us to communicate data for the purpose of maintaining, analyzing and improving Buenovela. | Your Operation and Data you provide • the content you create, for example novel or comments; • the metadata about the content itself, for example upload address or creation documents date, in accordance with the relevant legislation; • the type of content that you read or comment; • the application and function you use, and your operation during this; • the purchase or other transactions you do including the credit card data; • the time, frequency, and duration of your operation. Application, Browser and Device Data • the device and software that you currently use, and other device characteristics; • the data that your device links to the Internet, including your IP address; • the data that is collected by Cookie (specified on Section 2) and other similar techniques. Data that comes from Business Partner, Supplier and Third Party |

---

Buenovela is not developed for children. This Platform is not
directed at children under the age of 12 or equivalent
minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. If you believe that
we have personal data about or collected from a child under
the relevant age, please contact us at
contacto@buenovela.com.