APPONFIRE COMPANY LIMITED ("we," "us" or "our") takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains
our data protection policy and describes the types of data we may process when you use our website ("Website").

---
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED. WHEN YOU USE THE WEBSITE YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF
INFORMATION IN

---
2. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are two general categories of information we may process.

---
1.1 Information you provide us and that relates directly to you We may collect and store any personal information you enter on the
website or provide to us in some other manner, including personal information that may be contained in any feedback
communication. This includes your name, email address, and other information you decide to submit us. This information is
necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.

---
1.2 Information that is processed automatically and does not directly identify you When you use the Website, some information
about your device and your user behavior may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal, and we
may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of our legitimate interest in improving our
Website and giving our users the best experience. Device identifiers. When you access our Website, we may access or monitor
one or more "device identifiers". Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your
device, which uniquely identifies your device. We may process inter alia the following data:
- IP address;
- Browser type;
- Referring / exit pages;
- Operating system.

---
Cookies, log file and similar technologies (web beacons, scripts). When you use the Website, we may collect information about
how you interact with us as what content you viewed and which areas of the Website you visited.

---
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you access the Website.
The text file is then sent back to our server each time you use the Website. This enables us to operate the Website more
effectively.

---
Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the Website. When you use our Website,
analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the
Website, and how you interact with the Website.

---
3. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal information for the following purposes.
(a) We process information that does not directly identify you to improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our Website as
well as to detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, and optimize our Website.
(b) We process information that directly relates to you for the purpose of communication in case you give us a feedback by means
of our Website.
(c) We process information that directly relates to you as well as information that does not directly identify you to prevent fraud
and spam and to enforce the law.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other
purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.

---
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but we may share your information obtained via tools like cookies, log
files, and device identifiers with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Website.

---
Please note that we use Google Analytics to analyze certain information about your device and your user activity. Google Analytics
is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses data collected to track and
monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to
contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

---
If you are located in the European Union, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a
country and jurisdiction that may not have the same data protection laws as in your home jurisdiction. We try to make sure that the
recipient of any personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current
legislation on the protection of such information.

---
We will generally keep your personal information for as long as we need it for a lawful purpose: to perform the contract between
you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access
and store, you can request that we erase it.

---
To access your data. You can request a copy of your personal information held by us.

---
Residents of the State of California (USA) have the right to request a list of all third parties to whom our Website disclosed certain
personal information (in accordance with the laws of the State of California) in the previous year for the purposes of direct
marketing of such third parties. If you are a resident of the State of California and want to receive such a list, please contact us
through the email displayed below. When submitting such a request, please include in the text of your appeal the wording "Your
rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California", as well as your name, address, city, state, and zip code. In the text of
your request, please provide us with sufficient information so that we can determine if the above requirements of the law apply to
your situation. You must confirm that you are a resident of the State of California (USA) and provide the current address in the
state of California for our response. Please note that we do not accept calls by phone, mail or facsimile, nor are we responsible for
calls that are flagged or misdelivered or that do not contain exhaustive information.

---
The security of your personal information is important to us. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal
information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks
involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.

---
10. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Website is not intended for children under the age of 18. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal
information from children under 18. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to the Website. If you are under 18,
do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about
yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without
verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any
information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.