Security and privacy are at the heart of what we do.
Accordingly, we think it is important to be transparent
about what personal data we collect, how we use it,
with whom we share it, and how we store it. This Privacy
Notice describes how we process and handle data
provided to us in connection with your use of certain of
our products, services, apps, and websites that link to
this notice (we refer to these collectively as our
"services").

---

This notice covers Super Unlimited Inc., VPN Super Inc.,
Free VPN Pte. Ltd, and Mobile Jump Pte. Ltd's data
collection and processing practices with respect to any
virtual private network (VPN) applications offered by
each of them, including VPN - Super Unlimited Proxy.

---

Age Restrictions
Our services are not intended for and may not be used
by minors. In this context, minors are individuals under
the age of 16 (or such lower age as may be applicable in
a jurisdiction). We do not knowingly collect personal
data from minors. If we discover that we have collected
personal data from a minor, we may close their account
and delete associated data without notice.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

Key Assurances about VPN - Super Unlimited Proxy
• VPN
Super Unlimited Proxy does not record
your VPN browsing activities in any way that can
be associated with you. When you use a VPN
connection, we do not store any information that
identifies what you browse, view, or do online via
that VPN connection. The exception is when you
choose to communicate with us (such as via chat
or email) over a VPN connection and choose to
identify yourself to us.
• Data over our VPN connections is encrypted and
we do not inspect or record the contents of what
you are browsing, viewing, or doing through them
(unless you are using the VPN connection to
communicate with us).

---

• Free versions of our VPN products are supported
by personalized ads, but these ads are not
personalized based on any of your VPN browsing
activity, nor do we share any such activity with
our advertising partners. Personalization is
conducted by our advertising partners, who
collect personal data such as your user-
resettable advertising identifier (e.g. AAID or
IDFA) and combine it with the information they
have to show you ads that they believe are more
relevant to you. Google allows you to disable your
advertising identifier via Google account settings.
You can disable the Apple advertising identifier
via Apple device settings.

---

1. What information do we collect about you?
This section describes the various types of information
we collect from and about you. We may collect the
types of information described below.
Information you provide to us
• Account information. Our services generally do
not require you to create an account to use them.
If you decide to create an account, we may
collect information such as your name,
username, email address, and password.
• Transactional information. If you purchase
services from us, you will need to provide
payment information to make your purchase. We

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

use industry-standard payment processor
services to handle payment information. Such
services are subject to separate terms and
privacy policies. We also collect information
about what you are purchasing, such as billing
address, subscription types, currency, purchase
dates, and amounts.

---

• Customer support information. If you contact us
for support, we collect information from you to
help diagnose and resolve the issue. This
information may include your contact
information (e.g. e-mail address), payment
information, and information about your use of
the services.

---

• Other submissions. We collect information you
submit when you respond to surveys we send,
provide feedback, participate in promotions,
apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with
us.

---

Information collected automatically when using our
services
• IP address. We may collect your IP address when
you use our services and also derive your
approximate location based on your IP address.
See section 2 to understand what we use your IP
address and derived location for. However, we do
not store your IP address.
• User interaction data. We collect information
about how you interact with our websites,
applications, and advertisements that we may
publish. For example, we may track what user
interface elements are clicked on.
• Device information. We and our ad networks
collect information from and about the device
you use to access our services. We may collect
device model, device settings, operating system,
network information, and application version
numbers. Our ad networks only collect this
information for free users.
• Device hash. We may generate a unique hash for
each device that uses our services. The device
hash is randomly generated and you can re-
install the app to get a new device ID. Device
hashes are not linked to VPN browsing activity or
user identities.
• Advertising identifiers. Our ad networks may
collect your device identifier for marketing and
analytics purposes. Google allows you to disable
your advertising identifier via Google account

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

settings. You can disable the Apple advertising
identifier via Apple device settings.
• VPN application information. We do not store
your VPN browsing activity (e.g. websites you
browse or apps accessed through a VPN
connection). However, we may collect diagnostic
information as referenced above. We also collect
anonymized application usage data such as
speed, latency, connection success, login
success, feature usage, error reports, and
troubleshooting reports.
• Information
from cookies and similar
technologies. We may receive information from
cookies and similar technologies. You can read
more about these in our cookie policy in Section
5.

---

Information provided to us by third parties
• Referrals. If you are invited to use our service, the
person who invited you may submit your personal
data, such as your email address or other contact
information.
• Third Party Accounts. Some services may allow
you to register an account using a third party
account (such as a Google or Microsoft account).
If you do so, that third party may send us some
information about you that they have. You may be
able to control what information they send us via
your privacy settings for that third party account.
• Threat Information. We may receive information
from reputable members of the security industry
who provide information to help us to provide,
develop, test, and improve our services (for
example, lists of malicious URLs, spam blacklists,
phone number blacklists, and sample malware).
Some of this information may contain personal
data on an incidental basis.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

• IP addresses. We know that IP addresses can be
regarded by users as sensitive information.
• While collection of your IP address is
required from a technical perspective to
enable the use of our services, IP
addresses are neither stored nor used
beyond the period that they are required
for such use (i.e. the duration of a VPN
session). We do not associate IP
addresses with any VPN browsing activity.
• We also use IP addresses to approximate
your location by calculating an imprecise
latitude and longitude. Once we have
ascertained your location, we discard the
IP address. We use your approximate
location to provide you with better service
(e.g. to connect you to the nearest and
fastest VPN server) and more relevant
personalized advertising if you are a free
user who has not opted out of such
advertising.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

(such as a Google or Microsoft account). If you
choose to do so, we will collect your email
address and name from the third party account
provider. The third party account provider may
collect registration and sign in information.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

4. Use of Advertising Services With Free VPN
Products
For users of our free VPN products, we may serve ads
through the use of third party advertising services. As
previously noted, we do not collect VPN browsing
information or share VPN browsing information with
advertising service providers. However, as with any
online advertising service, the entities will have access
to the information associated with ad delivery such as
which website or app the ad was delivered to, and
certain device-specific information.

---

To display ads in our apps, we may use third party
software development kits (SDKs), which consist of
software code provided by a third party that is
embedded in our apps. These SDKs may collect the
following information from your device or use:
• Device or mobile advertising identifiers
(controlled by your mobile operating system)
• IP address, which may reveal your approximate
geographic location as determined by your
carrier or ISP. However, when using the VPN
service, this may replace your actual location
with an alternative geographic location.
• Device-specific information such as make,
model, OS version, language, time zone, and
other information.
• The name of the app or website serving the ad.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

5. Tracking Technologies & Cookies
About Tracking Technologies
We use various technologies in our services to help us
collect information which may include tracking links and
pixel tags/page tags/web beacons. These are small,
hidden images and blocks of code placed in web pages,
ads, and our emails that allow us to determine if you
perform a specific action. When you access a page, ad,
or email, or click a link, these items let us know that you
have accessed that page, opened an email, or clicked a
link. For convenience, we refer to these as “tracking
technologies,” although they are not always used to
track individuals and the information collected is in a
non-identifiable form that does not reference any
personal data.

---

SDKS
SDKs or software development kits are software code
provided by our advertising network or other business
partners that let our software interact with the services
those partners provide. For example, in certain of our
mobile apps, we may use an SDK to enable our app to
serve ads from an advertising network. Sometimes
these interactions will involve that business partner
collecting, using, and tracking some information from
the device on which the software is run. See above
regarding the type of information that is collected and
used for advertising purposes.

---

Cookies
Cookies are small portions of text that are stored on
the device you use to access our services. Cookies
enable us (or third parties that we allow to set cookies
on your device) to recognize repeat users. Cookies may
expire after a period of time, depending on what they
are used for. We use cookies:
• To provide our services. Some cookies are
essential for the proper operation of our services.
For example, cookies allow us to authenticate
who you are and whether you're authorized to
access a resource.
• To store your preferences. Cookies can store
your preferences, such as language preferences
or whether to pre-fill your username on sign in
forms. We may also use them to optimize the
content that we show to you.
• For analytics. Cookies are used to inform us how
users interact with our services so we can, as a
legitimate interest, improve how they work (such
as what screens or webpages you access, and
whether our advertising is effective).
• For security. Cookies can enable us and our
payment processors to detect certain kinds of
fraud.
• For advertising-related purposes. We advertise
our services online with the help of third parties
who show ads and marketing about us on sites
around the internet.

---

Third Parties
We may allow our business partners to place certain
tracking technologies in our services. These partners
use these technologies for the following purposes:
• To provide our services. Some business partners
who help us to provide our services may use

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

these technologies to support those efforts.
• For Analytics. To help us understand how you use
our services.
• For Marketing. To help us market and advertise
our services to you, including on third party
websites. Cookies are used in connection with
this to measure the performance of our
advertising, attribute actions you take with our
ads with actions you take on our services, deliver
ad retargeting (serving ads based on your past
interactions with our services), and target ads at
similar audiences.
• To Serve Ads. Ad networks may use these
technologies to display ads which they think will
be more relevant to you. For more information,
please see the "Displaying Advertisements”
section above.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

R2.4. Opt-Out From Sale
You may have the right to opt out of the "sale" of your
personal information as defined by the California
Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The CCPA broadly
defines "sale" such that it may include allowing third
parties to receive certain information, e.g. cookies, to
deliver personalized advertising on our services.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

R2.5. Sale of Personal Information
As is common practice among companies that operate
online, in the last 12 months, we have allowed certain
third-party providers to collect information about
consumers directly through our website and other
online services for purposes of analyzing and optimizing
our services, delivering ads, providing content and ads
that are more relevant, measuring statistics and the
success of ad campaigns, and detecting and reporting
fraud. As a result of this practice, in the last 12 months,
we have sold (per the CCPA's broad definition) the
following categories of personal information to these
third-party providers, subject to each consumer's
settings and their right to opt-out:
• Identifiers, such as IP address.
• Commercial Information, such as service
information, including services of interest or
orders made in connection with our services.
• Internet/Network Information, such as log data
(including operating system and browser type)
and analytics data (including usage and activity
on our website and online services). Note this
excludes VPN browsing activity data.
• Geolocation Data, such as general geographic
location based on IP address.
• Since our services are not directed to, and we do
not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit
personal information from children under the age
of 16, we do not sell personal information of
consumers we know to be under the age of 16.

---

Categories of Personal Information Collected and
with Whom we Share It

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

Sources of Personal Information
All the categories of personal information we collect
come from the following categories of sources:
• You (either via voluntary submission or automatic
collection, such as when you use our services)
• Third parties (such as service providers, other
users or marketing partners who may refer you to
our services)
• Identifiers (such as name, account username,
email address)
• Commercial information (such as transaction
data)
• Financial and transactional data (such as credit
card or other payment instrument details)
• Internet or other network or device activity (such
as app usage and interactions with our services)
• Unique device ID
• Geolocation information (e.g., your city and state
based on IP address)
• Demographics and statistical information (such
as age and gender)
• Customer service information (e.g. support
requests)
• Survey
responses and other research
information
• Other information that identifies or can be
reasonably associated with you

---

The categories of personal information collected, as
described above, are used for the following categories
of purposes: