What information do we collect?
We collect the following categories of information and use it as
described in this Privacy Supplement:

---
Registration Information
Some features of the Service may require the use of HERE
account, for example when you want to synchronise your
collections. You may continue to use the other features of the
Service without signing in. When you sign-up for a HERE account,
we collect your name, email address and your date of birth. When
you are logged in with your HERE account, we will try to
automatically synchronise your recent searches and your
collections in association with your HERE account.

---
Contact Information and Additional Information
When you use the feature of the Service that enables you to book
a ride with any third-party transportation services provider (i.e., a
taxi company) (“Transport Provider”), who provides its
transportation services to you through such feature, we collect
your name and phone number. In addition, each time you use this
feature of the Service to book rides, we collect your relevant pick-
up and drop-off locations, pick up time, and any additional
information that you chose to provide us with; For example, when
you add notes to your booking.

---
Information Provided by Transport Providers
After you book a ride with your chosen Transport Provider, we will
show you the location of the driver that will pick you up, if it is
provided to us from the relevant Transport Provider, on a map or
by any other relevant means, until your ride ends. This data is
provided to you, so that you may know where your driver is and
may track the progress of the ride.

---
Location data and place information
Our Service makes use of information about your actual location
(“Location Data”) and information about places (“Place
Information”). Location Data reveals where you currently are or
where you have been. Location Data is based on available

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
positioning methods, such as Assisted GPS. In many device
models the user interface of the Service identifies the use of
positioning with an icon. Place Information is general information
pertaining to particular geographical location (e.g. city or a
location of a restaurant) that you may have provided to us, for
example your collections.

---
When you start to use the Service, the applicable feature of the
Service activates your selected positioning methods to retrieve
your current location.

---
The Service may send your Location Data to HERE when you use
location enabled features of the Service, such as enable
navigation, ask information about nearby services or offerings,
use search features, provide you with relevant offers from
Transport Providers and public transportation vendors, as well as
when the Service asks for new maps for new areas you have
navigated into. Location Data may also be collected when you use
the traffic feature for service improvement purposes without
identifying you personally. Place Information may be sent to HERE
for example when you synchronise your collections.

---
Push Notifications
You will be asked to allow us to send you push notifications via
the application. We ask you to grant us with this permission for
the purpose of enabling us to communicate with you about the
Service.

---
Information about Service usage
You may participate to improving our services. See Your privacy in
the HERE Improvement Program for more details.
The Service may include HERE-provided positioning services,
including Wi-Fi or other network-based positioning methods. The
use of these technologies and positioning services may involve
sharing any or all of the following with HERE: Location Data,
speed, direction and timestamp; number of satellites used in
positioning; parameters of nearby mobile network towers;
parameters of nearby Wi-Fi routers and/or Bluetooth® beacons;
Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code of your mobile
subscription. This information is sent to us when you use the

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Service, after which it is deleted from your device. We do not use
this data to identify you personally or combine this information
with your HERE account. For more information, please see HERE
Privacy Notice at Data contribution for HERE Network Positioning
via HERE Software Development Kit (SDK) | Legal, security, privacy
and compliance.

---
When you decide to use the Traffic features of the Service,
Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp are sent from your
device to HERE to detect traffic jams, traffic patterns, changed
road conditions and other such conditions so that we can provide
you with better service. This information is analysed to
distinguish independent routes and traffic patterns and contains
an identifier, which is persistent for the duration of the route.

---
You may choose the extent to which you contribute to the
improvement of our services. In the context of Traffic features of
the Service, you can provide us with the Location Data, speed,
direction and timestamp, along with the changing identifier, either
when you use the Service, when the Service is not actively used or
even when the applicable Service is closed.

---
If the application is closed, we'll attempt to detect when you're
driving to enable the background collection. We may use methods
available from the mobile operating system or other contextual
information to detect driving scenarios. You can always change
your Traffic preferences in the application settings either in
Settings or About.

---
Device and Technical information
In addition to personal data that you actively provide when you
create a HERE account and/or book a ride with a Transport
Provider, after you download and install the application, or book a
ride via HERE WeGo, certain technical details of your client as well
as your transactions with HERE may be automatically collected by
HERE, including your device ID or any other unique identifier,
advertiser ID (if applicable), publisher ID (if applicable), the device
on which you installed the application and/or the device via
which you use the Service, operator, device type and model,
device manufacturer, application version, operating system and
version, browser type and version, city, language, referral URL, IP
address, local time, push notification settings, screen resolution,
memory and if your GPS is enabled/disabled in your application.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Support Information
When you interact with us via support or feedback, we will also
collect certain personal data generated by your use of the Service
or personal data that you choose to share with us to better
respond to your inquiries. We may, in accordance with applicable
law, record your communication with our support team or with
other similar contact channels.

---
Cookies and Related Technologies
We use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies for
purposes such as: to operate and improve the Service, our
websites related services, serve and measure the effectiveness of
advertising campaigns, and analyze the Service traffic and trends,
and the online behaviors and interests of users who interact with
the Service. Please visit our Cookie Policy to find out more about
how we use cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser
settings or otherwise.

---
We may use elements provided by third-parties such as cookies,
web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies that are
placed by these third parties on our behalf to identify your device
when you visit our websites and use the Service, as well as when
you visit other online sites and services. We use the services of
these third parties to provide us with audience measurement and
analytics services, to serve advertisements on our behalf across
the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of such
advertisements. Third parties use of cookies, web beacons, SDKs,
and other similar technologies is governed by the privacy notices
of those third parties, and this Privacy Supplement does not
apply to the data processing activities of those third parties. We
do not control how third-party partners process your data, and
we encourage you to visit their websites to learn more about their
privacy practices.

---
We use Amplitude for Service analytics and to determine which
areas of the Service users like and don't like, based on traffic to
those areas, and allows us to collect metrics on how users
interact with the Service. This helps us continue to build a better
service for you. You can learn more about how Amplitude
protects your personal data by clicking here:
https://amplitude.com/privacy.

---
We also collect social media handles, content, and other data
posted on our official social media pages and information (such

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
as email address and other information) you allow to be shared
through our social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins.

---
Provision and development of the Service
We collect and process your information in order to provide you
with the Service, to provide you with a better experience while
using the Service, to provide you with technical support and to
develop our products and services.

---
Location based advertising
The Service may include provision of location based advertising
or other similar content. For example if you ask for weather
information you may be served with advertising content tailored
to that location.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Performance of a contract with you
We collect and process your personal data to perform our
obligations under the Terms; For example, we collect your
Location Data in order to provide you with navigation services and
offer you with transportation options and services to your
destinations.

---
Our legitimate interests.
In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to process your
personal data for the legitimate interests of our ongoing business
operations or the operation of the Service. Where we rely on a
legitimate interest to process your data, we will only do so when
our interests are not outweighed by your individual rights and
freedoms. We process the following data on the basis of
legitimate interests: Support Information, and Information about
Service usage.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
There is certain data which we will only use if you choose to share
it with us; For example, location Data and Push Notifications. You
may withdraw your consent, at any time, via your mobile device's
settings. Doing so will bar us from processing of your personal
data based on your consent from that day onward, but will not
impact the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data
based on your consent before it was withdrawn. Please note that
some of the features of the Service may only be available to you
based on consent.

---
How long do we retain Personal Data?
We endeavor to only collect personal data that are necessary for
the purposes for which they are collected, and to retain such data
for no longer than is necessary for such purposes. The length of
time personal data is retained, and criteria for determining that
time, are dependent on the nature of the personal data and the
purpose for which it was provided. For example, your personal
data related to managing your HERE account (such as name,
email address, and account content and preferences) are
maintained for as long as they are retained by you within your
HERE account. Other data, such as records of your activity within
the Service (as applicable), are typically maintained only for a
short period before being anonymized. You may contact the HERE
Privacy Office at privacy@HERE.com to obtain additional
information about retention of your personal data.

---
Your choices
The Service offers a variety of choices to allow you to control how
your Location Data and other information are collected.

---
You may use the Service in offline or online mode. No Location
Data or other information is sent to HERE if you only use the
Service in offline mode. Please note, that your device may
nevertheless continue to store and have already stored

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
information which may be sent to HERE as set forth in this Privacy
Supplement.

---
You can only enable the Traffic features if you also contribute to
the improvement of our services. Once enabled, you can choose
the extent to which you contribute to the improvement of our
services: only when the application is running or when the
application is running or closed. Please note that you may be able
to independently turn the Traffic layer on and off. This only
impacts the visualization of the Traffic content.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We may use third parties to advertise our content or Service on
other online or any Service-based social networking platforms.
When you interact with our advertisements on these platforms,
such as clicking on the advertisement, the advertiser or social
networking platform collects information such as the platform on
which the advertisement appeared, the advertiser ID (if
applicable), publisher ID (if applicable) and geolocation. These
third-party platforms may use web technologies, such as cookies,
to enable us to display promotional materials when you visit
other websites, or other targeting and retargeting technologies, to
enable us to display promotional materials when you visit other
websites, applications or social networking platforms. The
collection and use of your personal data by such third-party
platforms is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of
those third parties. This Privacy Supplement does not apply to
such third-party platforms processing your data, and we are not
responsible for their processing activities. We encourage you to
review the terms of use and privacy policies of the social
platforms where you see our advertising content.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Modifications to this Privacy Supplement and to the Services
We may modify this Privacy Supplement at any time, at our
discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on
any part of the Service, the next time you use the Service whether
by pop-up notification or otherwise. Such modifications will not
change the scope of our collection or use of your personal data
collected before such modifications. The date on which this
Privacy Supplement was last revised is identified at the top of the
page. If we make material changes to how we treat your personal
data, we will also ask for your consent to such changes through
the Service. In case you choose not to provide your consent upon
a material change, we may need to close your account.

---
The features of the Service, including features that involve data
collection, use, and disclosure, will evolve over time as we
develop new, or discontinue existing, functionalities for the
Service. We may require registration or consent for additional