When you visit our search engine or our other websites, your device sends some
information about itself automatically, like its IP address, browser type, and language,
and may send additional information upon request like its screen size, operating
system, and preferences. However, we only use this information temporarily to deliver
content to you and, for security, to ensure you're not a malicious bot. We don't save
your IP address or any unique identifiers alongside your searches or visits to our
websites. We also never log IP addresses or any unique identifiers to disk.

---

This means that when you use our services, we have no way to create a history of
your search queries or the sites you browse. For example, we may know that we got a
lot of searches for "cute cat pictures" today, but we don't know who actually
performed those searches. That is, viewing search results on DuckDuckGo is
anonymous. And we only save these anonymous search queries – completely
disconnected from any unique identifiers like IP addresses — for just enough time to
analyze anonymous trends like popular searches, so that we can better serve you. For
local search results in particular, we've further engineered a solution to shield your
precise location from us and our content providers that sends us a random location
nearish to you, which we also never log to disk.

---

We offer optional privacy-protecting features that require limited
personal information to function.
For optional features, we only request personal information necessary for the feature
to function and only use the information for that purpose. Before you opt in to any
optional feature, we always let you know what personal information we'll need (if any),
how we'll use it, and how you can subsequently opt out. For example, our Email

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Protection is an optional feature that requires some personal information to work
(namely, your email address), and all of this is explained in our Email Protection Privacy
Policy.

---

We improve our product by using anonymous methods and by
considering publicly available information.
To improve and promote our product, we develop and use only anonymous methods
to learn key insights. For example, we design anonymous experiments to test different
designs. We also observe what people are saying about our product across social
channels and may search for, review, and share this publicly available information
internally for consideration.

---

We don't track you through cookies or any other storage methods.
We offer a variety of search settings that use anonymous cookies for storage, and also
offer the option to configure search settings via anonymous URL parameters if you
prefer. Similarly, we use local storage on your device for anonymous display settings.
For instance, we might use local storage to anonymously remember the fact that
you've already dismissed a prompt to install our app so that we don't annoy you by
showing it again.

---

Related, the anonymous experiments described in the section above sometimes
require us to use browser storage too, but we never store any information that could
identify you or your searches. For example, we might use storage to make sure a
design we're testing doesn't frequently change on you. Finally, if you use optional
features, such as staying signed in to our Email Protection, we use only the minimal
necessary storage to allow that feature to perform.

---

We protect and limit use of your data when you communicate directly
with DuckDuckGo.
If you voluntarily provide personal information to us directly, we protect and limit its
use. We will limit its use by only keeping it for as long necessary for the stated
purpose, and we will protect it by keeping it secure and deleting it when it is no longer

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

required, unless a longer period is required by law. For example, if you opt to receive
our privacy newsletter, we will ask for your email address and use it only to deliver that
content. You can also unsubscribe at any time, at which point we will delete it.

---

Similarly, if you reach out to us directly for support, to provide feedback (such as in a
crash report or on our search engine), or for other reasons, we will only use your
contact information to respond to you. In that process, your communication may be
accessible to the software-as-a-service providers we use in our corporate systems
(such as our company email and project management software). For information
voluntarily provided in surveys, we sometimes use additional vendors for processing,
though their access to personal information is contractually limited to what is
necessary to perform their services. Finally, if you apply for a position on our team, any
information you provide falls under our Recruiting Information Policy.

---

Critically, it's not possible for us to provide search or browsing histories linked to you
in response to legal requests because we don't have them. Nevertheless, we will
vigorously resist government efforts to compel us to produce the very limited personal
information that we might have, for example, your email address if you subscribe to
our newsletter.