With the following information, we would like to inform you about what types of personal data will be
processed by us or on our behalf, based on which legal basis, for which purposes, and to what extent. In
addition, we will inform you of your rights as a data subject with regards to this processing.

---
[SECTION: Categories of data]
Categories of data
AnyDesk processes different categories of personal data. In the following sections, the data is presented
according to the group of data subjects, the respective purpose, and the relevant legal basis.
Customers and business partners
Insofar as we are in a contractual, quasi-contractual or pre-contractual business relationship with you, i.e.
if you are already a customer, business partner or are interested in such a legal relationship ("contractual
partner"), we process the following data as necessary:
• Personal data (e.g. names, addresses, gender, company, location)
• Payment data (e.g. bank details, invoices, payment history)
• Contract data (e.g. subject matter of the contract, type of license, term, customer category, customer
ID, login information)
• Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times, time and duration of the respective
remote data connection (session), data volume transferred, online status of the client)
• Meta-/communication data (e.g. device information, device ID, IP and MAC addresses)
• Content of communication directed at us (e.g. product or contract inquiries, error messages, responses
to our surveys)
We will inform you in a transparent manner before or during data collection as to extent od data that is
required for this purpose. We process the data:
• to be able to address you in communication,
• to answer your questions,
• to establish and fulfill our contractual obligations,
• to protect our rights,
• to protect against unauthorized use and misuse of our offers,
• for related administrative tasks, and
• for the purposes of business organization.
data is processed, in particular, to allow you to select, acquire or order the selected products
ses to use our software and any associated services), as well as to enable payment and processing.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
During the registration process required to acquire a license, we will create an account for you on in our
systems ("customer account" or "user account"). During registration, we will point out which of the above-
mentioned details are required for this purpose, in particular to verify registration or the respective use of
our login functions and the use of the user account, and to prevent any possible misuse of the customer
account. The customer account (my.anydesk.com) gives you access to your connection data, the
contract/license information, information about the AnyDesk clients that are linked to the license, your
master data as a customer, invoices, and any settings for payment methods. AnyDesk customer accounts
are not public and cannot be indexed by search engines. We may use email or in-app messaging to
inform users about processes relevant to their user account (such as technical changes) or to invite them
to participate in surveys.

---
[SECTION: Users of our website]
Users of our website
Log files
When users visit our website, we (or our web hosting provider) collect user access data (so-called server
log files). The server log files can include the following data:
• The address and name of the websites and files accessed
• Date and time of access
• Data volumes transferred
•
Notification of successful access
• Browser type and version
• User's operating system
• Referrer URL (the previously visited page)
• IP address
This processing takes place to ensure problem-free connection to and smooth use of our website, and to
ensure system security and stability. In particular, we do not use your data to draw conclusions about
person. Information of this kind may be statistically evaluated by us in order to optimize our website
ne technology behind it. This processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR on the

---
[PAGE BREAK]
basis of our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website and preventing
the misuse of our services.
Cookies
In addition, we use so-called cookies, i.e. text files that are stored on a user's computer by a browser and
contain information about this user during or after his visit to a website, which may be processed by us.
This information includes, for example, the login status, pages or media accessed, pseudonymous online
identification ("user" or "AnyDesk IDs"), the content of a shopping cart, the licensed product selected, or
the user-specific settings on our websites.
Please note that there are different types of cookies with different purposes:
• First-party cookies are set by us.
• Third-party cookies are mainly used by advertisers (so-called third parties) to process user information.
• Temporary cookies (also: session cookies) are deleted at the latest after a user has left a website and
closed his browser.
• Permanent cookies remain stored on the user's computer even after the browser is closed. This allows,
for example, saving the login status or displaying the user-preferred content again directly when the
user visits the website later. User interests used for audience measurement or marketing purposes
may also be stored in such a cookie.
• Necessary (also: essential or absolutely necessary) cookies are absolutely necessary for the operation
of a website (e.g. to store logins or other user entries, or for security reasons).
• Statistical, online marketing and personalization cookies, on the other hand, are used to measure
audience and to display content to users that matches their potential interests according to the stored
data about access to certain content (so-called tracking). If we use these types of cookies or tracking
technologies, we will inform you of this beforehand as part of the process of obtaining your consent.
Depending on the type of cookies, we use them to process your personal data either on the basis of a
previously given consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR, on the basis of our legitimate interests in
accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (e.g. to support the operation of our website and its improvement), or
because the use of cookies is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations in accordance with Art. 6 (1)
(b) GDPR.
Before we process your data or have them processed in the context of the use of cookies, when you
access the page, we will inform you about which cookies we use and will ask for your consent, which can
be revoked at any time (cookie opt-in tool or banner). Before the consent is given, only cookies which are
absolutely necessary for the operation of our website may be used.
In addition to the option of revoking your consent at any time, you can also view our website without
cookies. Please note that Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In general, you can
e the use of cookies at any time via your browser settings. Please use the help functions of your

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Internet browser to find out how you can change these settings (individual functions of our website, such
as registration and use of the customer portal, may not work if you have disabled the use of cookies).
With regard to tracking, you can also object to the use of cookies via a variety of services, e.g. via the
websites https://optout.aboutads.info and https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ ("opt-out").
Registration and use of customer account
In the context of the registrations and use of the customer accounts, we store the IP addresses of the
customers together with the access times in order to be able to verify the registration and to prevent
possible misuse of the customer account. The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Contact forms
When you visit the AnyDesk website, you can use a form to contact us, in particular to request technical
support. In addition to the technical details listed in there, you must provide your first and last name,
email address, customer ID, the text and the factual context of the inquiry. The personal data transferred
to us in this context will only be used to process the respective inquiries. The legal basis for the data
processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Surveys
We rely on the voluntary feedback from our customers and website users in order to continuously
improve our services and products. For this reason, we also use technical services and form functions of
third-party providers, which we integrate into our website, in order to establish contact and to design
specific surveys. In doing so, we collect the requested data, which you enter in the form, as well as meta
and communication data (e.g. IP address), which we can assign to your customer and contract data.
The legal basis for the use of these functions is our legitimate interest in the target group-oriented and
flexibly adaptable presentation of contact forms on specific topics in order to be able to efficiently analyze
the review of our services by our customers and to improve these services (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). With
regard to the collection of your voluntary provided information when using these survey functions, the
legal basis is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Participating in the surveys is purely
voluntary and is not required for our performance of the contract.
Newsletters (email marketing)
You have the option of subscribing to a newsletter, i.e. receiving emails from us, via our website. The
specific content of the newsletter is based on the description provided during subscription (e.g. special
offers, products and events); otherwise, our newsletters contain information about our services and our
company.
In order to subscribe, you just need to provide your email address. It will only be used to send you the
`etter you have subscribed to by email. After subscribing, you will receive an email to this email

---
[PAGE BREAK]
address, in which you will be asked to confirm your subscription in order to prevent someone from
subscribing with a different email address ("double-opt-in procedure"). We record all newsletter
subscriptions in order to prove the legal conformity of the subscription process. This includes storing the
time of registration and confirmation as well as the IP address.

---
Please note: The newsletters may contain a so-called web beacon (also called tracking pixel), i.e. a pixel-
sized file that is retrieved from our server or from the server of a mailing service provider commissioned
by us when the newsletter is opened. As part of this retrieval, we collect technical information, such as
information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP address and the time of retrieval.
On the one hand, this information is used to improve our newsletters on the basis of the technical data or
to determine target groups and their reading behavior on the basis of their retrieval locations (which can
be determined using the IP address) or access times.
On the other hand, this analysis includes determining whether or not the newsletters are opened, when
they are opened, and which links are clicked on. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned
to the individual email addresses of the newsletter recipients. However, neither we nor the mailing service
provider commissioned by us will make such an assignment; the data is evaluated exclusively to adapt our
contents to the reading habits of our users. This evaluation takes place, subject to the express consent of
the user to receive the newsletter, on the basis of our legitimate interests for the purpose of using a user-
friendly and secure newsletter system which both serves our business interests and meets the
expectations of the users (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).

---
[SECTION: Plugins, embedded functions and content]
Plugins, embedded functions and content
We integrate various functions and content from third-party providers (e.g. graphics, videos or social
media buttons and posts) in our website in order to make relevant information about our company and
our services easily accessible to you as a user of our website. For this purpose, the third-party provide. -
ess the IP addresses of the users, since without the IP address they would not be able to send the
nt to their browsers.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Pixel tags
In addition, third-party providers may use so-called pixel tags (also known as web beacons) in order to
evaluate visitor flows. This exclusively pseudonymous information may also be stored in cookies on the
user's device and may contain technical information about the browser and operating system, websites to
be referred to, the time of visit, and other details on the use of our website, and may also be linked to
such information from other sources. With regard to the legal basis and the individual opt-out options,
please refer to the information on the use of cookies in this Privacy Policy.
Video integration
We integrate videos from the YouTube platform on our website, in particular via a plugin, in order to
provide you with visually rich information about our products and technical processes. In doing so, we
use the YouTube "No Cookies" function, i.e. we have enabled the "privacy-enhanced" function. Therefore,
videos are accessed via youtube-nocookie.com instead of youtube.com. When the relevant pages are
accessed, however, the IP address and other data mentioned under "Log files" are transferred and thus,
in particular, information is provided as to which of our Internet pages you have visited. However, this
information cannot be associated with you if you are permanently signed in to YouTube or another
Google service when you access the page. When you start playing such an integrated video by clicking on
it, the YouTube privacy-enhanced mode on your device only stores cookies that do not contain any
personally identifiable information, unless you are currently signed in to a Google service. These cookies
can be blocked via certain browser settings and extensions. With regard to the legal basis, please also
refer to the information on the use of cookies in this Privacy Policy.
Interactive maps
Furthermore, we integrate Google Maps on our website in order to include an interactive map directly on
the website to determine our company location and to allow you to conveniently use the map functioi:
better navigation. In certain versions, the integration means that when the user accesses the website,
e may set cookies with which a connection to the Google network is established. The legal basis for

---
[PAGE BREAK]
the integration of Google Maps and the associated data transfer to Google is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a)
GDPR). Please refer to the information on the use of cookies in this Privacy Policy.
eRecruiting
We also integrate a plugin for the "Prescreen" eRecruiting system on our website. This allows us to place
job advertisements under the ".jobbase.io" domain and receive and manage applications. Cookies may be
used on our website to record users of application forms. The legal basis for this is your consent (Art. 6 (1)
(a) GDPR). Please refer to the information on the use of cookies in this Privacy Policy. When you go to our
application page under https://anydesk.com/en/career/jobs and click the "Apply Now" button, the IP
address as well as the information listed under "Log files" will be transferred to the server of the third-
party provider and you will be forwarded to our current job offers on their server. The legal basis for this
is § 26 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 GDPR, as well as (for the implementation of pre-contractual
measures) Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. For more information, please refer to "Job offers and application process".
Protection of the website
We use the "Wordfence Security" service to protect our website from viruses and malware and to fend off
attacks by computer criminals. IP addresses are stored on the third-party servers, in particular, to protect
against so-called brute-force and DDoS attacks. IP addresses classified as harmless are placed on a white
list. The protection of our website and its users constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR. In addition, the plugin uses cookies to recognize whether the visitor of our website is a
human or a robot. In this respect, please refer to the information on the use of cookies in this Privacy
Policy. The Live Traffic View option of the plugin is disabled as it is not mandatory.
Multilingual design
We also use the multilingual WPML plugin in order to offer you our website in different languages. The
design of our website that is comprehensible for as many users as possible constitutes a legitimate
interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. For this purpose, when you visit our website, WPML sets
a cookie in order to store the language setting you have selected. In this respect, please refer to the
information on the use of cookies in this Privacy Policy.
SEO
We use the YOAST SEO plugin to support the search engine optimization of our website. This plugin
ensures the technical optimization of our website for search engines while supporting us in the
development of content on our website. This is done to make sure that customer groups interested in
our offers can easier find us on the Internet, which is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1)
(f) GDPR. The plugin uses cookies. In this respect, please refer to the information on the use of cookies in
this Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
For the evaluation of visitor flows on our website, we may record the behavior, interests or demographic
information of the users of our website as pseudonymous values. Based on this audience analysis, we
can, for example, identify under which IP address, at what time and from where certain contents of our
website or its functions are most frequently accessed, or invite the user to use them again. This also
allows us to better understand which functions or content of our website require optimization (because
they are not accessed as often or not at all). For this purpose, we create and store user profiles in a file (a
so-called cookie), or we may use similar procedures with the same purpose.
On the one hand, to protect the users, we use a so-called IP masking procedure (pseudonymization by
shortening the IP address) when storing the users' IP addresses. On the other hand, in the context of
web analysis and optimization, no real user ID data is stored (i.e. neither email addresses nor names), but
strictly pseudonyms. Therefore, we do not know the actual identity of the users. We use the stored data
exclusively for the aforementioned purposes in their pseudonymous user profiles. With regard to the
legal basis and the individual opt-out options, please refer to the information on the use of cookies in this
Privacy Policy.
Online marketing
User profiles can be created and stored in a file (cookie) to display advertising content or to market
advertising space (online marketing). These data can be used to determine the users' potential interests
and to measure the effectiveness of online marketing. The stored data may include content accessed,
websites visited, online networks used, as well as communication partners and technical information,
such as the IP address, the browser used, the computer system used, and information on usage times. If
users have consented to their location data being collected, this data may also be processed.
The following shall also apply in the case of online marketing: We use a so-called IP masking procedure
(pseudonymization by shortening the IP address) when storing IP addresses. In the context of web
analysis and optimization, no real user ID data is stored (i.e. neither email addresses nor names), but
strictly pseudonyms.
Therefore, we do not know the actual identity of the users. We use these stored data exclusively for the
aforementioned purposes in their pseudonymous user profiles. In exceptional cases, real ID data may be
assigned to the user profiles if the respective user is a member of a social network whose online
marketing process we use and with whose providers the users have entered into agreements (e.g. by
giving consent during registration), according to which the network may link the user profiles with the
aforementioned data.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Review procedures and widgets
We use the so-called review widgets on the AnyDesk website to allow our customers to review providers
and products, and for our own quality management. In the process, a reference to the results of the
review of our products by customers offered by a service provider named in there is integrated via a
linked page or image element. When the image element is called up, the service provider's web server
automatically saves the IP address and the information listed under "Log files". Further personal data may
be transferred to the respective service provider if you have decided to review our products according to
their terms and conditions.

---
Customer Relationship Management
We use Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems to maintain our customer relationships as
part of our online presence. They help us to effectively systematize, manage and document product-
relevant information offers and communication with our customers. This is done using software solutions
which integrate the following aspects when using our website:
• Contact management
• Email marketing
• Social media publishing
• Web analysis
• Online marketing
• Registration services (our user account my.anydesk.com)
• Customer review management
With regard to the legal basis and the individual opt-out options, please refer to the information on the
aforementioned topics and the services used in this Privacy Policy.
case that you are already a registered customer of AnyDesk, the Web Analysis and Online
eting services may contain specific information about your customer, contact and contract

---
[PAGE BREAK]
information that shall be linked with your account. The legal basis for the use of this personal data is our
legitimate interests in improving our website to make it easier for the customers to use it and to provide
additional information and offers pertaining to our services (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Content Delivery Network
In order to deliver the content of our website, i.e. also large media files (such as graphics, videos or
program scripts) to you faster and more securely, we use regionally distributed servers of a so-called
Content Delivery Network (CDN), which are connected via the Internet. In doing so, we establish a
connection to the server of the CDN service provider and transfer your IP address there. If you are signed
in with an existing user account with this service provider while visiting our website, this service provider
can also associate your visit to our website with your user behavior. The legal basis for the use of a CDN
and the associated data transfer are our legitimate interests in improving our website to make it easier
for the customers to use it (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
In addition, the service provider can send further cookies to your browser. In this respect, please refer to
the information on the use of cookies in this Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Applications (apps)]
Applications (apps)
In order to establish the data connection when using our remote desktop app, you must install the
AnyDesk software client on your device and activate the acquired license key in your user account. The..
when you start the software client, the following data will be stored for the reasons mentioned above
ng data will be overwritten) and assigned to an AnyDesk customer ID:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
| Information | Reason |
|---|---|
| IP address of the involved client | Abuse handling |
| Time of login | Statistics / identify inactive accounts |
| AnyDesk version | Statistics / visible at my.anydesk.com |
| Country | Statistics / Abuse handling |
| MAC addresses | Wake on LAN feature, can be disabled in the client |
| Network ID | Statistics / Abuse handling / Wake on LAN feature |
| DHCP DNS suffix | Statistics / Commercial use detection |
| Computer Name | Statistics / Abuse handling / Commercial use detection |
| User Name | Statistics / Abuse handling / Commercial use detection |
| Operating System + Version | Statistics |
| CPU information | Statistics |
| RAM information | Statistics |
| GPU information | Statistics |
| Display resolution | Statistics |
| Hashed Hardware Serial Numbers | Abuse handling |
| OS installation time | Abuse handling |

Parts of these data are also processed in order to analyze whether and on which connection path your
device is available for connection to other devices.
When the remote data connection takes place between the connection partners, the session data are
transferred to the software client of the other connection partner via our master server and (taking into
account, in particular, the locations and the current load) certain routing servers. AnyDesk itself does not
access these session data. We store the following usage data for the purposes also mentioned in here
(existing data will be overwritten):

| Information | Reason |
|---|---|
| Start time of the session | Statistics / visible at my.anydesk.com |
| End time of the session | Statistics / visible at my.anydesk.com |
| AnyDesk ID of the involved clients | Statistics / visible at my.anydesk.com |
| ise IDs of the involved clients | Required for operation |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
| IP address of the involved clients | Abuse handling |
|---|---|
| Countries of the involved clients | Statistics / Abuse handling |
| Amount of transmitted data | Statistics |

We may also contact you via in-app messages, in compliance with the legal requirements, if the
communication is necessary for the purposes of administration or use of the application, or to inform you
about changes or improvements to our products or completely new products, to invite you to participate
in surveys, or to give you tips on how to get the most out of our products. For this purpose, we will
process the above-mentioned usage data as well as your customer ID. In the course of deciding whether
and how we should contact and inform you, we will also process the type of license you have, the
language and version of the product you are using and/or your country, and we may also use data that
we have collected through web analysis.
The data processing necessary for the verification of the usage authorization and the provision of the
functionalities of the application itself serves to fulfill contractual obligations (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR). In
addition, we process data if this is required to secure the application or protect our legitimate business
interests (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR; e.g. collection of data for the purpose of optimizing the application, or for
security purposes). Otherwise, data will only be processed to the extent to which you as the user have
expressly given your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR).

---
[SECTION: Google Speech-to-Text]
Google Speech-to-Text
In our app you will find the Google Speech-to-Text function. This is operated by Google LLC, 1600
Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter "Google").
This function is used to compose voice messages and send them to the Google Cloud for conversion into
character strings.
The Google Speech-to-Text function is provided as an option.
Data is therefore only transmitted to Google when you press the microphone icon. This activates the
microphone you are using and you now have the option of converting the spoken language into text.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Recipients of the data
If you activate the microphone icon and make a voice input, Google receives the spoken sentence in
order to convert it into text.
Google does not make the audio sent to the Speech-to-Text API available to anyone except as necessary
to provide the Speech-to-Text API service. For example, it may be necessary to engage a third-party
provider to provide some aspects of Google's services, such as data storage or transmission. In these
cases, that provider is subject to contractual obligations of security and confidentiality. Google does not
share your audio content with other parties for any other purpose.

---
[SECTION: Telemetry-Data]
Telemetry-Data
Nature and purpose of processing
We collect and aggregate user telemetry data in connection with the provision of our services for the
following purposes:
aluating interactions:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• From the analysis on the use of the program interface and functions, insights can be gained into the
acceptance of AnyDesk's graphical components and functionalities, so that areas with potential for
optimization can be better identified in the context of further product development and the user
experience can be improved.
• Licenses and scamming
• When using the free version of AnyDesk, usage data is reviewed to determine whether the user's
behaviour patterns are in accordance with our “AnyDesk Free” Supplementary Terms and Conditions,
see the section entitled "Automatic Decision Making (License Audit)".
• Usage data is analysed to detect potential scamming cases at an early stage.
• Evaluation of system data
• Which hardware is used when AnyDesk software is in use provides us with important information for
support purposes, for example, in the event of client-side performance problems. In addition, this
information is used for further product development with regard to system modifications.
Type of data
Version of client, client ID, IP address, operating system, zone of relay (continent, later country), license,
license name, network ID, first login, last login, user_identifier (user) hashed, information about
interactions: Timestamp of interaction, message counter,
Category of interaction: click, drag, drop, etc.
Identifier for interaction: login, frontend, click events, undraggable, auto-update, etc., which window e.g.
settings or window for file transfer (within the software).

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Automatic decision making (license audit)
We offer personal users of our licensed products (i.e. exclusively for uses that cannot be attributed to
commercial or self-employed professional activity) the option of a free version, which can be used without
setting up a user account after simply downloading the application. In this case, we may analyze your
usage data (see above under "Applications") in line with our "AnyDesk Free" Supplementary Terms and
Conditions in order to be able to assess whether your behavior pattern aligns with the contractual
purpose of use and thus to the selected license type (license audit).

---
[SECTION: Social networks]
Social networks
Our company maintains an online presence within various social networks (social media). We process
data of active users of these social networks in order to communicate with them there or to offer
information about AnyDesk. This processing takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests in
effective information for users and communication with users under the applicable framework conditions
of the respective social medium in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If you, as a user of the respective
social medium, are asked to give your consent to data processing (e.g. by ticking a check box), the legal
basis for processing is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
If it is technically possible for us to influence the processing operations relevant to the data protection
regulations of the respective social media you have accessed, we will do so in the sense of data
minimization within the meaning of Art. 5 (1) (c) GDPR. However, please note that your use of the
respective social networks is subject to their terms and conditions and data processing guidelines.
Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that your data may also be processed outside the European Union. On
the one hand, this could make it more difficult to enforce your rights. On the other hand, the data
collected when using the functionalities of the social networks may also be analyzed and processed fo
''et research and advertising purposes. This is done by storing your usage behavior and the resulting
sts and preferences as usage profiles in cookies and by placing advertisements based on these

---
[PAGE BREAK]
profiles inside and outside the social networks that presumably match your interests (online marketing). If
you as a user are also a member of the respective social networks and are signed in to them, the usage
profiles may also store data that are independent of those of the end devices you are using.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Job offers and application process]
Job offers and application process
As part of our application process, it is necessary for applicants to provide us with the data required for
their professional assessment and selection. Which data this is in the individual case can be seen from the
respective job advertisement or from the information provided in the relevant online forms. When you
apply for a job offer, we usually process the following categories of personal data:
Contact information:
• First and last name (title, if applicable)
• Address
• Phone number
• Email address
Qualification-related information, in particular:
• Academic achievements and other information contained in the curriculum vitae, including information
on prices and scholarships and extracurricular achievements, information on dissertation projects,
information on education and professional experience
• Copies of diplomas and certificates
• Photos attached to an application, if applicable
• Information on (possibly only planned or hoped for) further education and other career steps as well
as professional focuses and interests, if applicable
We collect these data directly from you and only process them to the extent necessary for the application
ss. The legal basis for this processing is § 26 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 GDPR, as well as (for

---
[PAGE BREAK]
the implementation of pre-contractual measures with regard to freelancers) Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data
will be encrypted and transferred to us in accordance with the latest state of the art. Please note that we
may use third-party services for the purpose of searching for and selecting applicants (e.g. applicant
management or recruitment software and platforms). The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in
an efficient and transparent job advertisement (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR; please also refer to the information in
"Data recipients").
During the application process, special categories of personal data within the meaning of Art. 9 (1) GDPR
(e.g. health data, such as severe impairment or ethnic origin) are processed only for the purpose of
exercising the obligations or rights arising to us or the data subject from labor law and social security and
social protection law (Art. 9 (2) (b) GDPR), and otherwise to protect the vital interests of applicants or other
persons according to Art. 9 (2) (c) GDPR or for health care or occupational medicine purposes, for
assessing the employee's ability to work, for medical diagnostics, for care or treatment in the health or
social sector, or for the administration of systems and services in the health or social sector in accordance
with Art. 9 (2) (h) GDPR. In the case of a notification of the special categories of data based on voluntary
consent, their processing is based on Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR.

---
[SECTION: Duration of storage]
With regard to email addresses provided by you to receive newsletters, the following shall apply as well:
We store deleted email addresses for up to three years on the basis of our legitimate interests before we
delete them in order to be able to prove a previously given consent (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). The processing of
this data is limited to the purpose of possible defense against claims. An individual request for deletion
may be made at any time provided that the previous existence of consent is confirmed at the same time.
In the event of obligations to take due account of objections, we reserve the right to store the email
address in a blacklist (so-called "blocklist") for this purpose alone.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Unless the application has led to the commencement of employment with us, the personal data collected
via our job portal or by other means for the purposes of the application process will be further processed
for a maximum of three years after the process has been completed (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR) for evidence
preservation purposes, after which they will be deleted or anonymized. The application process itself is
considered completed no later than three months after receipt of your application.