This Privacy Policy applies to information (including Personal Information)
collected through the PicCollage Services. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy,
"Personal Information” means information that identifies you personally, either
alone or in combination with other information available to us, all as more fully
described in the section "What Data We Collect & How". Personal Information
does not include technical, device, or usage information that cannot be used to
identify you personally even if we combine it with other data about you, nor does
it include "aggregate” information, which is data we collect about the use of the
PicCollage Services or about a group or category of services or users, from which
individual identities or other Personal Information have been removed. This
Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate and
non-personal information, and we may share such data about our users with
third parties for various purposes. This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated
into PicCollage's Terms of Service ("Terms of Service”).

---
[SECTION: DATA PRIVACY]
Our Basis to Collect Your Personal Information
You are about to enter into a contract with us where we provide PicCollage
Services and you agree to our Terms of Service. Our lawful bases for processing
your Personal Information include (a) where you have provided consent for one
or more specific purposes, (b) where processing is necessary for the
performance of a contract with you, (c) where processing is necessary to comply
with a legal obligation, and (d) where processing is necessary in furtherance of
our legitimate interests, or those of a third-party, provided that the protection of
your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not conflict with our or
such third-party interests. PicCollage Services are not directed at children under

---
[PAGE BREAK]
collected personal information from a child under 13 without proper consent, we
will delete that information promptly. We do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is
defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), the Personal
Information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.

---
2. The right to be informed. You have the right to be informed by Cardinal Blue
Software of the changes we make regarding the collection and processing of
your information.

---
[SECTION: What Data We Collect & How]
What Data We Collect & How
1. Usage Information. The information we collect from you includes the country
you set your device to, the language you use on your device, the type and
version of the operating system of your device, and your device model. If you
make any in-app purchases, we will also collect the product IDs of the items
you purchase.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• You can learn more about the information they collect and analyze to
ensure that PicCollage Services provides an optimum user experience
by clicking on the links above.

---
2. Content you create. We receive the content of your creations while you are
using the app in order to provide services to you. This may include photos and
videos you are using as part of your designs, the order and structure that you
are placing them in your designs, as well as their attached metadata. If you
upload photos that include children under the age of 13, you must obtain
permission from a parent or legal guardian before submitting such content.
• This content will sometimes contain raw user-uploaded images or videos
with visible facial features. We do not create any derivative or transformed
outputs such as numeric encodings, text embeddings, or other
representations generated from the original image that would be used to
identify a person. We do not utilize these kinds of facial identification
algorithm and do not seek to identify any person visible in user photos or
videos; as such, these uses are not covered in our Privacy Policy. Any data
containing visible facial features (“Face Data”) is used solely for the
purpose of generating stylized images and other visual transformations
offered by our app. We do not use Face Data for identity recognition,
advertising, biometric profiling, or any unrelated purposes.
• These uploaded images and the generated outputs created by us and/or
our trusted third-party partners (e.g., stylized and/or transformed results)
may be stored on our servers in order to provide users with a persistent
history of their creations. Images uploaded to our trusted third-party
partners are deleted automatically according to each such partner's data
retention policies (see more info in Data Retention and Deletion). This
enables users to:
• View past creations when logged into their account.
• Sync their history across multiple devices.
• Re-download content even after switching devices.

---
3. Information you provide us.
• Account Information: PicCollage will collect your username and email
address when you consent to create an account in the app.
• Device Library. We may access your devices photo library only with your
explicit permission when prompted within the application.

---
4. Information from third-party sources. If you connect PicCollage Services to
other social media platforms such as Facebook, we will collect further
information from you.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• Zendesk: to provide users with an efficient way to communicate with
Cardinal Blue Software (about the usage of PicCollage Services), we use
Zendesk, a customer service platform, to receive your feedback and offer
timely responses to any questions you have. Please note we will receive
your IP address and email address when you try to contact us through
Zendesk.

---
5. Cookies. We automatically collect certain information through the use of
“cookies”. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your device by a
PicCollage Service. Among other things, the use of cookies helps us to improve
the PicCollage Services and your experience using them. We use cookies to
see which areas and features of the PicCollage Services are most popular, to
count the number of devices accessing the PicCollage website, to personalize
your experience and to remember your preferences. If your browser or device
is set not to accept cookies or if you reject a cookie, you may not be able to
access certain features of the PicCollage Services.

---
[SECTION: Device Information]
Device Information
We collect information from and about certain web-connected devices on which
you use the PicCollage Services (such as mobile phones and computers that
utilize a version of the iOS that is older than iOS 14) and combine this information
across different devices. For example, we use information collected about your
use of the PicCollage Services on your phone to better personalize the content
(including ads) or features you see when you use the PicCollage Services on
another device, such as your laptop, or to measure whether you took an action in
response to an ad we showed you on your phone on a different device.

---
[SECTION: How We Use Your Personal Information]
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use Personal Information collected through the PicCollage Services with your
permission:
1. to provide you with the PicCollage Services. This includes allowing you to login
using your data, access your designs and to be provided with the services
included in the applications.
2. to communicate with you or third parties. We may use your contact
information to send communications about critical elements of the PicCollage
Services such as technical issues or security alerts.
3. to process your requests and transactions. We will use your data to ensure
that transactions and requests made by you stay connected to your account.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: With Whom We Share Your Personal Information]
Personal Information (and non-personal information) collected through the
PicCollage Services may be shared with companies and organizations that
perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data
management or other support services to us such as Heroku). We may share
your Personal Information (and non-personal information) with third-party
advertising services (including Google) to serve you relevant advertising and
market our products, but we won't sell your Personal Information. We may also
share the content you are creating in the app with trusted third-party partners to
provide you with services within the app, such as OpenAl for image and video
processing. Also, we may disclose the Personal Information we collect through the
PicCollage Services to government authorities, industry peers or other third
parties when we, in good faith, believe (i) there has been a violation of our terms,
policies, or the law or (ii) disclosure is required to:

---
6. provide you with services in the app. We may upload your visual data (content
you are creating in the app that may include raw Face Data) to trusted third-
party services that we partner with for processing. These providers are
contractually obligated to handle user data in accordance with applicable
privacy laws and industry standards. Please review their privacy policies to
understand how they store and use your data.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
policy is to provide you with reasonable advance notice under the circumstances
unless we are prohibited from doing so by law or court order (e.g., an order under
18 U.S.C. § 2705(b)). We may disclose your information without giving you prior
notice if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm
to a person. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections
or defenses you might have to efforts by third parties to compel disclosure of
your information, including legal orders from the government. Your Personal
Information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another
company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale,
merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the
acquiring company's use of your Personal Information will still be subject to this
Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: How To Modify or Delete Your Data History]
How To Modify or Delete Your Data History
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and
disclose your Personal Information. You may update or modify your information
or change your privacy preferences at any time by emailing us at
support@cardinalblue.com or, in some instances, via the PicCollage Services. You
may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, including, but not
limited to, promotional emails, by emailing us at support@cardinalblue.com.
Transactional service communications (such as messages about your
registration) are not subject to the foregoing opt-out procedures. Requests to
disable your account or reset your password should be sent to
support@cardinalblue.com for faster processing. Note, though, that we may not
accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would
violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. You
may also delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us by
emailing us at support@cardinalblue.com. However, we cannot delete your
Personal Information except by also deleting your user account. Also, information
that others have shared about you is not part of your account and will not be
deleted. If you would like to delete your account to remove all data history, please
follow the instructions below. If you contact us at support@cardinalblue.comand
request we delete your data, and provided that you have an account with us, you
may also request that we facilitate deletion of any data stored on third-party
services that could be connected to your account. These third parties may
include:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Data Retention and Deletion]
Data Retention and Deletion
The content you create (original uploads and generated results) may be retained
on our servers for only as long as we require in order to provide the PicCollage
Services to you, or to fulfill other legitimate business purposes such as resolving
disputes, ensuring safety and security of our products, employees, users, or the
public, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal
Information will depend on a number of factors, including:
• Our purpose for processing the Personal Information;
• The amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information;
• The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal
Information;
• Any related legal requirements to which we are subject.

---
• You can delete your data or account stored on our servers at any time
following the steps in How To Modify or Delete Your Data History to delete your
account. Once you have g your Personal Information include (a) where you
have provided consent for one or more specific purposes, (b) where
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, (c) where
processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, and (d) where
processing is necessary in furtherance of our legitifollowed the data deletion
process above, all data stored on our server will be deleted, including any
device information, content information and associated data we are storing.

---
• Temporarily processed data on any third-party service is deleted
automatically according to the relevant third-party service data retention
policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
When
you request deletion of your data, our team will delete all:
• collages backed up or stored on our server;
• user records, including any email or device identifiers and avatars;
• activity logs;
• avatars, comments, or PicCollage Services related social activity we have
stored from now-defunct PicCollage Social platform; and
• data stored by us on third-party services we use, such as
• Google Cloud
• Amazon Web Services

---
In some instances we also use Google Admob to show you advertising in the app.
On Apple devices we do not allow Google to collect your identifying data. If you
are using an Android device, you may request deletion or reset your advertising
ID. This will delete any data in Google Admob that could be connected to your
device via our services. To do this:

---
[SECTION: DATA STORAGE AND TRANSFER]
DATA STORAGE AND TRANSFER
Your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy is stored, processed and
transferred to the United States, Taiwan and any other country or jurisdiction
where Cardinal Blue Software, its subsidiaries, service providers and affiliates
maintain facilities or employ staff. By agreeing to the terms in this Privacy Policy
and by using PicCollage Services, you agree to these transfers of data taking
place.
If you reside in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), the United Kingdom, or
Switzerland, your Personal Information may be processed on servers located
outside these regions for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. This includes
processing and storage in our facilities and servers in the United States and
Taiwan. Although data protection laws vary by country and may not provide the
same level of protection as in your home country, we apply the safeguards
described in this Policy to your information regardless of where it is processed.
When transferring information outside the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we rely on
the following transfer mechanisms to comply with applicable data protection
laws:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: A NOTE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS]
A NOTE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, please see our Terms of Service to learn about
your rights and access to data under the CCPA. Additionally, California Civil Code
Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of
your Personal Information (if any) by Cardinal Blue Software to third parties for
the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make this request, please email
support@cardinalblue.com or contact us using this address: Cardinal Blue
Software, P.O. Box 390677, Mountain View, CA 94039. If you are a California
resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this Privacy
Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits
you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly
posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description
of the specific content or information to support@cardinalblue.com. Please be
aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal
of the content or information you have posted and that there may be
circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if
requested.