The data we collect,
how it's used, and who
we share it with

---

We care about your privacy and want to
help you understand how we collect, use,
and share your personal information

---

Privacy Policy
Information We Collect

---

Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Sources of Your Personal Information

---

This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share
Personal Data, and your choices concerning our Personal Data practices. We employ a number of
technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Data we collect.
However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot
guarantee the security of your Personal Data. Please read this Privacy Policy before using our
Service or submitting any Personal Data to AllTrails and contact us if you have any questions.

---

Information We Collect
When you contact us or interact with our Service, we collect information about you (including that
which otherwise constitutes “personal data” or similarly defined term under applicable laws)
("Personal Data") as follows:
• Personal Data You Provide to Us: We collect Personal Data when you sign up for our Service
through the Site or an AllTrails App. The Personal Data collected during these interactions may
vary based on what you choose to share with us, but it may include any of the following:
• Account Data: When you sign up, some information is required to create an account on our
Service, such as your name and email address.
• Payment Data: If you choose to purchase a subscription to our Service via credit card, debit
card or other payment method, our third-party payments processors (Stripe or PayPal) will
collect and process certain payment and billing information, such as billing zip code,
payment card details, and authentication features on behalf of AllTrails. That information is
collected by our payment processors directly, and we do not collect or store it. If you have
questions about how our payment processors protect such information, please read
Stripe's services agreement and privacy-policy as well as PayPal's services agreement and
privacy_policy..
• Social Media Data: We have pages ("Social Media Pages") on social media sites like
Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, X, and LinkedIn (each a “Social Media Site”). The platforms
that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics
regarding the use of our Social Media Pages. Additionally, should you choose to interact
with any of our Social Media Pages, we may collect Personal Data you provide or make
available through our Social Media Pages.
• User Generated Content: User-generated content, such as photos, images, videos,
community posts, reviews, community comments, and other content or information that
you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated
metadata. Metadata includes information on how, when, where and by whom a piece of
content was collected and how that content has been formatted or edited. Metadata also
includes information that users can add or can have added to their content, such as
keywords, geographical or location information, and other similar data.
• Contacts Book Data: Our mobile applications may allow you to synchronize the numbers in
your Contacts address book on a regular basis in order to identify any friends and/or
relatives who use the Service. If any of your contacts are using the Service, we will let you
know so that you can connect with them. You can revoke our access to your Contacts
address book at any time through your mobile device settings.

---

• Additional Information: To customize your experience or enable certain features of the
Service, you may choose to provide us with additional information, such as your date of
birth, height, weight, profile picture, location (city), and favorite activities.
• Sensitive Personal Data: In the course of using the Service on our App, you may choose to
allow us to collect sensitive Personal Data about you, such as your precise geolocation by
turning on location services on your mobile device, which may be considered “sensitive
personal information” (or similarly defined term) under certain applicable laws. Turning on
location services on your mobile device constitutes consent for us to collect precise
geolocation. You can disallow our collection of precise geolocation data by turning off
location services on your mobile device at any time. You may also choose to share other
sensitive Personal Data through the content you share on our Site, for example, when
leaving a review, or otherwise sharing information on our Site. By sharing this information,
you consent to the collection of this sensitive Personal Data. You may limit the visibility of
such sensitive Personal Data through our Privacy Settings; refer to our FAQs here for
further information. We do not process sensitive Personal Data for purposes other than
providing the Services.
• Personal Data We Generate From Your Use of Our Service: When you visit, use, interact and
register with the Service, we may automatically generate certain information about your visit,
use, interactions or registration. For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit
our Site or AllTrails Apps, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited on our Site or AllTrails
Apps, the domains our visitors come from (e.g., google.com, yahoo.com, etc.), and which
browsers people use to access and visit our Site (e.g., Firefox, Microsoft Edge, etc.), broad
geographical information, and Site- and AllTrails App-navigation pattern. In particular, the
following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
• Log Data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site or
AllTrails Apps. Log data includes your IP address (so we understand which country you are
connecting from when you visit the Site or AllTrails Apps), browser type and settings, the
date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site or AllTrails Apps.
• Cookies Data: We use cookies and similar technologies to operate and administer our Site
and AllTrails Apps, make it easier for you to use the Site and AllTrails Apps during future
visits, and gather usage data on our Site and AllTrails Apps. For more information about the
technologies used and information collected on our Site and AllTrails Apps, please refer to
our Cookie Policy, which forms part of this Privacy Policy.
• Device Data: Includes the model of the device, operating system, and browser you are
using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings. We
may also collect data from your device to estimate a variety of metrics like the time,
frequency and duration of, and calories burned during, your activities for the purpose of
calculating your Usage and Activity Data (described below).
• Usage and Activity Data: We collect information about how you use our Site and AllTrails
Apps, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the
actions you take, and the time, frequency and duration of, and calories burned during, your
activities.
• Geolocation Data: If you have enabled location services for an AllTrails App on your mobile
device or on your computer via the Site, we may collect your geolocation information based
on IP address, city, state, zip code, country, latitude and longitude. AllTrails may also derive
your approximate location from the IP address of your computer or mobile device.

---

Geolocation data is used for purposes of directing you to nearby trails and parks and
offering other relevant content and services. We do not process Geolocation Data absent
you granting permission through your device or browser.
• Inferences about You. We may combine the information we collect and otherwise generate
or draw inferences about your preferences and interests in order to provide and personalize
our Service to you, such as trail suggestions and estimated calories burned during
activities.
• Personal Data We Receive From Third Parties. If you elect to authenticate to our Service using
your account on another service (such as a Facebook, Google, or Apple account), we may
receive from the other service information like your external account name as well as other
information you may choose to make available to us based on your external account settings,
such as contact lists and profile photos (if any). You can stop sharing the information from the
other service with us by removing our access to that other service. We may also obtain your
Personal Data from service providers or vendors as well as other business partners (such as
marketing partners and event co-sponsors).

---

When you sign up for an AllTrails account, personal data that you add to your profile and content
that you add to your account is Public by default. For more information, including how to change
your privacy settings, visit our Privacy FAQs here.

---

| Purpose | Categories of Personal Data |
|---|---|
| Account creation - to create and manage your account on the Service. | • Account Data |
| Service delivery - to operate and deliver our Service to you. | • Account Data • Social Media Data • User Generated Content • Contacts Book Data • Additional Information • Sensitive Personal Data • Data from Third-Party Sources |
| Live Share Functionality - to communicate your scheduled activities or current safety status with your shared group as described on our Service. | • Account Data • Geolocation Data • Additional Information |
| Payments processing - to process your payments via our third-party payments processor. | • Account Data • Payment Data |
| Customer support - to deliver customer support to you and respond to your queries. | • Any and all data types as relevant in the circumstances |
| Service improvement – to analyze the reliability of our Service, how you use it, and to improve it. | • Any and all data types as relevant in the circumstances |
| Fraud prevention - to keep our Service and associated systems operational and secure and limit the risk of fraud to us and our users. | • User Generated Content • Log Data • Cookies Data • Device Data • Usage and Activity Data |
| Legal compliance - to comply with our legal obligations, for example our accounting and tax reporting obligations. | • Any and all data types as relevant in the circumstances |
| Interest-based Advertising - to help our third-party advertising partners collect information about how you use the Service and other online services over time, which they use to show you ads on other online services they believe will interest you and measure how the ads perform. | • Cookies Data • Device Data • Usage and Activity Data • Geolocation Data |

---

Payment Processors: Individuals who purchase a subscription through our website provide
personal data to our payment processors as part of the checkout process.

---

Other Users. Your profile, User Generated Content and other Personal Data may be visible to
other users of the Service (which may include all users of the Service or a limited number of
users, depending on your privacy settings). For example, other users of the Service may have
access to your Personal Data if you chose to make your profile available to them through the
Service, and they may also have access to content that you submit to the Service such as when
you provide reviews, community posts, or share other content. This Personal Data can be seen,
collected and used by others, including being cached, copied, screen captured or stored
elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines), and we are not responsible for any such use of
Personal Data.

---

Children's Privacy
Our Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 16. AllTrails does not knowingly
collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16, and we do not have actual knowledge that
we sell or share the Personal Data of children under the age of 16 years. If you have reason to believe
that we have collected Personal Data about a child under the age of 16 without parental or guardian
consent as required by applicable law, please contact us at privacy@alltrails.com and we will take
steps to delete that Personal Data as required by applicable law.

---

Collection, Disclosure and Use of Personal Data: In this section, we identify the specific categories
of Personal Data that we collect about you described above in the “Information We Collect" section
for the last 12 months:
•
•
• Identifiers such as contact information, name, or email address
• Commercial information such as transaction history
Device, usage and internet or other electronic network activity information such as information
about your device type, browser settings or interactions with our sites
Online identifiers such as Log Data, Cookies Data, and Usage and Activity Data
• Geolocation data
•
•
• Visual information you choose to share
Sensitive Personal Data such as precise geolocation, as voluntarily disclosed by you
Inferences about your preferences and interests from data we collect

---

Inferences about your preferences and interests from data we collect

---

As noted above, we may provide your Personal Data to third parties for “business purposes”, such as
with affiliates and marketing partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in
advertising our Service to you. The business and commercial purposes for collecting Personal Data
are described in the “How We Use Personal Data” section. We collect Personal Data directly from you
and from external accounts you use to log-in to the Service.

---

Right to know the categories of Personal Data that AllTrails has collected about you, the
business purpose for collecting your Personal Data, the categories of sources from which the
Personal Data was collected, whether AllTrails has disclosed your Personal Data for business
purposes and the categories of Personal Data so disclosed, and the categories of third parties
to whom we have disclosed your Personal Data.
• Right to access the specific pieces of Personal Data that AllTrails has collected about you.
• Right to ask us to correct inaccurate Personal Data that we have collected about you

---

Global Privacy Controls and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third-party vendors and service
providers, may use cookies, pixels, or other tracking technologies to collect Personal Data about
your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site and
use that Personal Data to send targeted advertisements. Our Site honors Global Privacy Control
("GPC") opt-out preference signals in a frictionless manner. If our website detects that your browser

---

Verification of identity. Once we receive your request, we will require you to verify your identity
in order to process your request. To verify your identity, we require you to respond to an email
that we send to the email address associated with your AllTrails account. We require verifying
identity through email authentication before privacy requests can be processed as we require
limited information in order to create an account and as a result it is difficult to verify identity
even if we collect additional information. If we are unable to verify your identity through email
authentication, we will be unable to complete your request.

---

Legal Bases for Processing. This Privacy Policy (the “How We Use Personal Data” section) describes
the legal bases we rely on for the processing of your Personal Data where required by applicable law.
For any sensitive Personal Data we process, we also have to establish a condition to process such
data. The only sensitive Personal Data we may process is identified in the “Information We Collect"
section of this Privacy Policy above.

---

Since we do not obtain or read any data from Health Connections, such Health Connections data
cannot be used by us for marketing or advertising purposes, or shared with or sold to advertising
platforms, data brokers, or information resellers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Privacy Policy, the use of information received from Google's Health Connect will adhere to the
Health Connect Permissions Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.

---

Additional Information
By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and acknowledged
our collection, storage, use, disclosure, and other processing of your Personal Data as described in
this Privacy Policy.