This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes what data are collected by JoyRide (the "Company,"
"we,” “us,” and “our”) and how the information is used and shared by the Company, its
subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Defined terms used here shall bear the same meaning as
defined in our Terms and Conditions of Use, unless otherwise stated.

---

As a condition for use of our service, you are consenting to this Policy and the collection, use,
access, transfer, storage and processing of your Personal Data as described in this Policy.
Personal Data simply means any information or data that can be used to distinguish, identify
or contact you. Our privacy policy values and protects your personal data under the Data
Privacy Act of 2012 and the laws of the Philippines and is in compliance with leading global
practices and regulations around data privacy and protection.

---

I. Collection of Personal Data
"Personal Data" or “Personal Information” shall refer to any information which identifies you,
including but not limited to: your name, LTO-issued driver's license number, NBI clearance
number, government issued identification card number, nationality, address, mobile number,
telephone number, email address, credit card details, debit card details, race, gender, date of
birth, marital status, educational background, financial background, personal interests, your
occupation, designation and the organization your work in including its industry, and any other
relevant information about you which you may have provided to the Company in registration
or application forms in whatever format, and/or any other relevant information about you that
has been stored, collected, used and processed by the Company which may include sensitive
information such as relating to your health, religion, political views, and device location while
accessing the application.

---

The provision of your Personal Data is voluntary. However, if you do not provide the
Company your Personal Data, the Company will not be able to process your Personal Data for
the following purposes:
1. To provide you access to the Company's services and to validate your bookings;
2. To improve the overall user experience when using the application from data collected
based on your individual needs;

---

If you are an agent, vendor, supplier or service provider, the provision of your Personal
Data is mandatory and failure to provide your Personal Data, may be a breach of laws or
regulatory requirements and may be cause for the Company to not engage your services or
issue payments for products or services provided.

---

You provide us Personal Data directly when you:
1. Create an Account by filling out our online Signup Form through the Company website
or through the Company mobile application.
2. Get in touch with the Company to ask about something, file a complaint or request for
service;
3. When you apply for job with the Company.

---

In addition to the Personal Data you provide to the Company directly as mentioned above,
the Company may also collect your Personal Data from a variety of sources such as, but
not limited to:
1. Filling up of application or registration forms or other similar forms from other
sources;

---

2. From publicly available sources such as directories;
3. From the Company's social media pages, if you follow, like, subscribe or are a fan of
such pages;
4. From credit reporting agencies;
5. When you interact and communicate with the Company at any events or activities;
6. When you enter into contests organized by the Company,
7. From various entities or divisions or affiliations of the Company; or
8. By using the Company's website where personal data may also be collected from
cookies used on the Company's websites.

---

We implement a variety of security measures to safeguard your Personal Data and your
information, whether public or private will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any
other company for any reason whatsoever without your consent. Third party vendors like
Google, however, use cookies to serve ads on our site. If you are a parent or a legal guardian,
please do not allow a minor (individuals under 18 years of age) under your care to submit
Personal Data to the Company. In the event that such Personal Data is provided to the
Company, you hereby consent to the processing of the minor's Personal Data and personally
accept and agree to be bound by this Notice and take responsibility for his or her actions.

---

If you wish to revoke the consent that the Company has obtained from you for the Purposes
stipulated herein, please notify the Company or its Data Privacy Officer using the contact
details stated below:

---

Your Personal Data may be transferred, accessed or disclosed to third parties for the above-
stated Purposes and Additional Purposes. Further, the Company may engage other companies,
service providers or individuals to perform functions on its behalf, and consequently may
provide access to or disclose your Personal Data to such service providers or third parties. The
third parties include, without limitation:

---

The Company website may contain links to third-party websites. The Company is not
responsible for the collection, use, maintenance, sharing, or disclosure of data and information
by such third parties. If you provide information directly to such sites, the privacy policy and
terms of service on those sites are applicable and the Company is not responsible for the
information processing practices or privacy policies of such sites.

---

In some circumstances you may have provided personal data relating to other individuals
(such as your spouse, family members or friends) and in such circumstances you represent and
warrant that you are authorized to provide their personal data to the Company and that you
have obtained their consent for their personal data be processed and used in the manner as set
forth in this Policy.

---

X. Cookie Policy
The Company's website uses cookies to improve the user experience and ensure that it is
functioning effectively, and on occasion also to provide marketing information or advertise

---

online, either directly or through third parties. The Company's Cookie Policy is part of its
Privacy Policy.
To provide you with a more personalized and responsive service, the Company needs to
remember and store information about how you use the Company's website through the use of
cookies. Whenever you use the Company's website, information may be collected using
cookies and other technologies. By using the website, you agree to the Company's use of
cookies as described in this Cookie Policy.

---

If you do not wish for your Personal Data to be collected via cookies on the Websites, you
may deactivate cookies by adjusting your internet browser settings to disable, block or
deactivate cookies, by deleting your browsing history and clearing the cache from your
internet browser.