This Privacy Notice describes how Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information through
Amazon products, services, stores, website and physical locations, devices and applications that
reference this Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services"). By using Amazon Services, you
are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

---

• What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?

---

What Personal Information About Customers Does
Amazon Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products
and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
• Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation
to Amazon Services. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you
might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
• Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information
about your use of Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with
products, content, and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites,
we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information
when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served
by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. Our physical stores may use cameras,
computer vision, sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity
in the store, such as the products and services you interact with.
•
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other
sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we
use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily.
See examples of information we collect or receive.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

•
Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and
camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal
information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and
improve our services. You can read more about Alexa, Echo Devices, and Your Privacy.
• Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal
information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from sellers information
regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification
and other purposes.

---

What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon
Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we
use them, please read our Cookies Notice.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

•
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the
collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security
procedures mean that we may ask to verify your identity before we disclose personal
information to you.

---

What About Advertising?
• Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may include
third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising
partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content,
advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon,
including interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice. To adjust your
advertising preferences, please visit Your Ads Privacy Choices.

---

What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please
contact our Customer Service. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide
you with options as to how your information is being used.
• As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you
might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
•
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in What
Information Can I Access?. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the
prior version for our records.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

•
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify
you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because
cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of
Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you
block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping
Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more
information about cookies and other identifiers, see our Cookies Notice.
• If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account,
you may do so by signing out of your account and blocking cookies on your browser.

---

•
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your
settings on the applicable Amazon website (for example, Manage Your Content and
Devices), device, or application. Learn more about certain devices at our Privacy
Settings FAQ page. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to
change device permissions (for example, disable/access location services, contacts). For
most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have
questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by
third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device
manufacturer.
• If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central, update
your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information, and adjust your
email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification
Preferences.
• If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and
Author Central, respectively.

---

Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for
purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with the
involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian. For more
information, please see our Children's Privacy Disclosure.

---

If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this
Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and
application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at
Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our
business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our
websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice
applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the
promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make
them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected
customers.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
•
•
search or shop for products or services in our stores;
add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon
Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device or through a service or application on
a device;
• provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used
more than one email address or mobile number when shopping with us) or Your Profile;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
• upload your contacts;
• configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an
Amazon device or service;
provide information in your Seller Account, Kindle Direct Publishing account, Developer
account, or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer
software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
• complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
• upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
Amazon Services;
use our services such as Prime Video;
• compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists, or other gift registries;
• participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;
• provide and rate Reviews;
• specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
• employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as:
• identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;
•
•
•
payment information;
your age;
your location information;
your IP address;
• people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;
email addresses of your friends and other people;
content of reviews and emails to us;
personal description and photograph in Your Profile;
• voice recordings when you speak to Alexa;
images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;
information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's
license numbers;
• corporate and financial information;
•
credit history information; and
•
device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to
automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:
the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;
• login, email address, and password;
•
•
•
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and
network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your
internet service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and
any errors or event failures;
• Amazon Services metrics (for example, the occurrences of technical errors, your
interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup
information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded
images and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images);
version and time zone settings;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar
information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers;
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites,
including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page
response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction
information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
• phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores, or stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications,
and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
• updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which
we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more
easily;
•
•
•
•
account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information
from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we
provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our
subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.