Key Points
We will...
• Only show data which you've made publicly visible on your profile.
• Show your profile to other users of our website romeo.com and our ROMEO apps
and to users of hunqz.com.
• Not claim ownership of your uploaded content: you keep the copyrights.
•
Not sell or trade your data to third party organizations.
We ask that you...
• Be a real, natural person who is 18 years of age or older.
• Be the copyright owner of the content you upload.
• Not misuse or abuse our services or other users.
• Use your profile only for non-commercial purposes (unless you create a
club/guide/group profile).

---
ROMEO BV provides the ROMEO apps and Website romeo.com. With our Service ROMEO users
can create a profile for finding friends, dates, and relationships, and to participate in the ROMEO
online community for all gay and bi males, and transgenders.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2. The User acknowledges and agrees that ROMEO does not pre-screen User Content
posted or transmitted by means of the Service and that ROMEO has no influence
over the User Content provided by means of the Service. ROMEO is not liable and/or
responsible for the User Content provided by means of the Service and/or any use
made of the Service by Users.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 3. Account]
1. In order to be able to use the Service optimally, the User has to create an Account in
the way as described on the Website and/or App. By means of the Account, the
User can amend, update and/or delete his Profile. The User is responsible for
keeping his Credentials confidential. The User is responsible and liable for all use
made of the Service by means of his Account. As soon as the User knows or has
reason to assume that his Account has come into the hands of unauthorized
persons, the User should inform ROMEO of this, notwithstanding his own obligations
to take immediate effective measures himself, such as changing the password of his
Account.
---
4. The User may register his own user Account, as described on the Website or in the
App. The User may only register a user Account if he is a natural person and only on
his own behalf.
---
5. The User may as an exception to the non-commercial license of 2.1 - register his
own group Account, as described on the Website or in the App. The group account
was formerly known as club/guide. The User may register a group Account if he is a
natural person and in this case only on his own behalf. The User may also create a
group Account if he is an authorized representative of a establishment, institution,
company or organization. The User who has registered a group Account may limit the
access to his group Account by group policies. This group policy may not breach
these Terms of Use. ROMEO has no influence over these group policies and is not
liable and/or responsible for these policies. The User who has registered the group
Account may transfer his rights regarding his group Account to another user, but only
in accordance with these Terms of Use.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
6. ROMEO may, at its sole discretion, request a User to provide additional information
to verify Personal Data and/or User Content that the User has posted on his Account
and/or the Service. Based on this additional information, ROMEO may decide to edit
or delete Personal Data and/or User Content and/or to suspend or delete the
Account and the User's use of the Service.
---
[SECTION: 4. Additional Services]
3. The User has the obligation to inform ROMEO immediately about any inaccuracies in
the offer provided or the payment details described, including the price. The User
cannot hold ROMEO to any offer for Additional Services and/or price if the User
should in all reasonableness have known that this offer and/or the price are/is an
obvious mistake or obvious error in writing.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
3. a. The User retains all Intellectual Property Rights with regard to the User
Content he uploads. ROMEO does not claim any Intellectual Property
Rights that belong to the User. The User grants ROMEO a royalty-free,
unencumbered, world-wide, sub-licensable, non-exclusive right to use
User Content he uploaded solely in connection with the Service provided
by ROMEO by means of the Website and/or App.
b. The User himself can control which of his User Content including pictures
become publicly visible.
c. As part of the Service, ROMEO may present content that a User has
chosen to make publicly visible to other Users of the Website and/or App,
like highlighting User profiles or showing interesting profiles in the
GuyCandy Section of the Website and/or the App.
d. ROMEO may present content, that a User has chosen to make publicly
visible, by email to other Users of the Website and/or App.
e. ROMEO will provide User Content, that a User has chosen to make publicly
visible, to HUNQZ to be presented on the HUNQZ-website.
f. This license granted in 5.3a ends when the User deletes his User Content
or his Account. When the User deletes User Content, it is deleted in a
manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, the
User understands and agrees that removed content may persist in caches
and/or backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be
available to others). The above does not apply to User Content that the
User has shared with other (ROMEO) Users or third parties (including but
not limited to users of the HUNQZ-Website). Such User Content has to be
deleted by the recipients of such User Content. The User understands and
accepts that these recipients may not have deleted such User Content and
that the deletion of such User Content is beyond ROMEO's control.
g. ROMEO does not sell, trade or rent Personal Data of the User to third
parties without the User's prior consent. More information about the
manner in which ROMEO safeguards and processes Personal Data of its
Users can be found in ROMEO's Privacy Statement.
---
4. The User acknowledges and accepts that the User Content he posts by means of
the Service is accessible and may be used by other Users and such other Users
may not use the User Content in accordance with these Terms of Use and / or
applicable legislation. ROMEO cannot guarantee that other Users will use the User
Content in accordance with these Terms of Use and/or applicable legislation. The
User will not hold ROMEO responsible for the submissions or actions of other Users.
ROMEO does not accept any liability for any actions of other Users which are in
violation of these Terms of Use, the applicable legislation and/or which are otherwise
unlawful.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 6. Database]
1. The collection of data by means of the Service is to be regarded as a database
within the sense of Directive 96/6/EC on the legal protection of databases and the
Dutch Databases Act (“Databankenwet”). ROMEO and/or its licensors are the
producer(s) of this database and in that capacity has/have the exclusive right to grant
consent for the use of data from this database. The User may only use data from the
database insofar as use is allowed pursuant to these Terms of Use. The User is not
allowed, without the prior written consent of ROMEO and/or its licensors, to retrieve
and re-use a substantial part of the data of the database and/or retrieve and
repeatedly and systematically re-use non-substantial parts of the data of the
database within the sense of the Directive 96/6/EC and the Dutch Databases Act.
---
[SECTION: 7. Privacy]
1. During the use of the Service, the User provides Personal Data to ROMEO. This
Personal Data will be saved and processed in accordance with the Privacy
Statement, and the applicable Dutch legislation in force from time to time, currently
being the Dutch Personal Data Protection Act (“Wet bescherming
persoonsgegevens”) and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The User acknowledges and agrees that it is his responsibility to review the Privacy
Statement periodically and familiarize himself with any updates.
---
[SECTION: 8. Report]
1. In order to stop breaches of any third parties' rights as soon as possible, ROMEO
has developed a procedure for reporting allegedly infringing or unlawful User
Content. Users can send a Report which should contain the information as stated on
the Website and/or in the App.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
7. ROMEO respects and protects the privacy of Users and/or third parties who submit
Reports. All Personal Data that it receives with a Report will always be processed in
accordance with 7.1.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 15. Definitions]
• Account:the section created by the User upon registering for the Service, such as a
user account or group account (formerly known as club/guide account) which
section is maintained by him and which section includes the Personal Data that the
User provided during the registration process;
---
• Credentials:the User's Profile name and password that are required to access the
Account and use the Service;
---
• User Content:any content provided by the User by means of the Service, including
but not limited to Profile information, forum posts, profiles, images, classified
advertisements and guestbook entries;