Thanks for using Dropbox! Here we describe how we collect, use, and handle
your personal data when you use our websites, software, and services
("Services"). For more information and details, please see our Frequently Asked
Questions page.
---
What & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, protect, and
promote our Services.
---
Account information. We collect, and associate with your account, the
information you provide to us when you do things such as sign up for your
account, upgrade to a paid plan, and set up two-factor authentication (like your
name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical address).
---
Your Stuff. Our Services are designed as a simple and personalized way for you
to store your files, documents, photos, comments, messages, data from
connected services, and so on (“Your Stuff”), collaborate with others, and work
00000 multinio dovicos and convince To make that nocciblo wo oto process,
---
We use cookies to provide, improve, protect and promote our services. Visit our
Privacy Policy and Privacy Policy FAQs to learn more. You can manage your
personal preferences, including your 'Do not sell or share my personal data to third
parties' setting using the “Customize cookies" button below.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Usage information. We collect information related to how you use the Services,
including actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing,
creating and moving files or folders, and sending and receiving electronic
signature requests and other transactions). We use this information to provide,
improve, and promote our Services, and protect Dropbox users. Please refer to
our FAQ for more information about how we use this usage information.
---
Device information. We also collect information from and about the devices you
use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of
browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites,
and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their
settings) may also transmit location information to the Services. For example, we
use device information to detect abuse and identify and troubleshoot bugs.
---
Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel
tags to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. For example,
cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit,
understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them
based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but
this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems receive a DNT:1
signal from your browser, we'll respond to that signal as outlined here. We may
also use third-party service providers that set cookies and similar technologies
to promote Dropbox services. You can learn more about how cookies and similar
technologies work, as well as how to opt out of the use of them for advertising
purposes, here.
---
Recipient and viewer analytics. When you view content included in portions of
our Services that provide analytics to content owners, we collect information
including your identifying and device information, such as email addresses, IP
addresses, and device identifiers of devices you use to view the content. We also
collect information on how you interact with the viewed content, such as the
date and time you view the content, the number of times and length of time you
view the content, and which portions of the content you view.
---
We may also collect information from you if you interact with Dropbox
representatives at an event, download marketing or educational materials from
our website, or contact a Dropbox representative. We may use the information
you provide to send you additional marketing materials.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We sometimes contact people who don't have a Dropbox account. For recipients
in the EU, we or a third party will obtain consent before reaching out. If you
receive an email and no longer wish to be contacted by Dropbox, you can
unsubscribe and remove yourself from our contact list via the message itself.
---
Bases for processing your data. We collect and use the personal data described
above in order to provide you with the Services in a reliable and secure manner.
We also collect and use personal data for our legitimate business needs. To the
extent we process your personal data for other purposes, we ask for your
consent in advance or require that our partners obtain such consent. For more
information on the lawful bases for processing your data, the categories of
personal information included, and how we use artificial intelligence and
machine learning, please see our FAQ.
---
[SECTION: With Whom]
---
Others working for and with Dropbox. Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties
(for example, providers of customer support and IT services) for the business
purposes of helping us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.
These third parties will access your information to perform tasks on our behalf,
and we'll remain responsible for their handling of your information per our
instructions. For a list of categories of trusted third parties that we use to
process your personal data and more details on the categories of personal
information that we've disclosed, please see our FAQ.
---
Other Dropbox Companies. Dropbox shares infrastructure, systems, and
technology with other Dropbox Companies to provide, improve, protect, and
promote Dropbox Company Services. We process your information across the
Dropbox Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in
accordance with their terms and policies. For more information on Dropbox
Companies, Dropbox Company Services, and how your data is used, please see
our FAQ.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Other applications. You can choose to connect your Dropbox account with third-
party services--for example, via Dropbox APIs. By doing so, you're enabling
Dropbox and those third parties to exchange information about you and data in
your account so that Dropbox and those third parties can provide, improve,
protect, and promote their services. Please remember that third parties' use of
your information will be governed by their own privacy policies and terms of
service.
---
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we embrace.
We believe that your data should receive the same legal protections regardless
of whether it's stored on our Services or on your home computer's hard drive.
We'll abide by the following Government Request Principles when receiving,
scrutinizing, and responding to government requests (including national security
requests) for your data:
•
Be transparent
• Fight blanket requests
•
Protect all users, and
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•
Provide trusted services.
---
We publish a Transparency Report as part of our commitment to informing you
about when and how governments ask us for information. This report details the
types and numbers of requests we receive from law enforcement. We encourage
you to review our Government Request Principles and Transparency Report for
more detailed information on our approach and response to government
requests.
---
[SECTION: How]
---
Security. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and
testing for vulnerabilities. We continue to work on features to keep your
information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication, encryption
of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked to your account.
We deploy automated technologies to detect abusive behavior and content that
may harm our Services, you, or other users.
---
Retention. When you sign up for an account with us, we'll retain information you
store on our Services for as long as your account exists or as long as we need it
to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we'll initiate deletion of
this information after 30 days. Learn more here. But please note: (1) there might
be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up
storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our
legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
---
Use of Data from Google APIs. Dropbox's use and transfer to any other app of
information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services
User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
---
[SECTION: Where]
---
Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process, and
transmit data in the United States and locations around the world-including
those outside your country. Data may also be stored locally on the devices you
use to access the Services.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Data Privacy Frameworks. Dropbox, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-
U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding
the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union, the
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United
States. Dropbox, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it
adheres to the Principles of these Data Privacy Frameworks with respect to such
data, but this does not include the FormSwift portion of the Services. If there is
any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework
Principles, the Principles shall govern. In accordance with the Principles,
Dropbox, Inc. shall remain liable for onward transfers if a processor processes
personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles. To learn more about
the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov.
---
[SECTION: Your Control and Access of Your Data]
---
You have control over your personal data and how it's collected, used, and
shared. For example, you can:
• Access and take your data elsewhere. You can access your personal data from
your Dropbox account and you can download a copy of Your Stuff in a
machine readable format as outlined here. You can also ask us for a copy of
personal data you provided to us or that we've collected, the business or
commercial purpose for collecting it, the types of sources we got it from, and
types of third parties we've shared it with.