This Privacy Policy only
covers the information that VoyceMe collects, uses, stores, processes and shares. It does not explain what third parties do with any
information they may collect about you separately from VoyceMe. This Privacy Policy also does not cover any websites, platforms,
products, or services provided by others. We encourage you to review the privacy policies or notices of those third parties for
information about their practices and we hope you will take some time to read this Privacy Policy.

---

When you use our website, application or platform, as the case may be, and more generally, use any of our services (collectively, the
"Service/s”), we appreciate that you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this Privacy Policy,
we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation
to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this Privacy Policy that you do
not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.

---

With this Privacy Policy, we present transparently that we gather, process, store and use the data of persons fairly and in accordance
with law. As part of our drive to serve you better, we need to obtain and process your information. VoyceMe collects or processes this
information only with the full knowledge, cooperation and consent of interested parties.

---

Your data will be kept up-to-date, collected or processed fairly and for lawful purposes only. The information you give us will be
processed within legal boundaries and will be protected against any unauthorized or illegal access by internal or external parties. You
are free to exercise your rights under the law as a data subject and we fully respect the same. We also allow you to modify, erase,
reduce or correct data contained in our databases in line with your rights under the law.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

1. Personal Information We Collect

---

We may collect Personal Information about you from various sources described below. Where applicable, we indicate whether and
why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide
Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Service if that information is necessary to provide you
with it or if we are legally required to collect it.

---

User-provided Information: When you use the Service, we ask you to provide certain Personal Information about you, including your
name, gender, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card or other billing information, your date of birth, geographic
area, or preferences and we may link this information with other information about you. For example, we may ask you to provide us
with Personal Information when you register for an account, use the Service, or make a purchase on the Service. We may also collect
any other Personal Information that you choose to provide to us. For example, if you decide to contact us with a request, we will
process the content of your message, the date and time of your message, our response and any other Personal Information you
provide in that context. If you contact us to apply for a job with VoyceMe, we will process your job application, including your
curriculum vitae and other Personal Information you submit to us in that context.

---

For creators that join our AD Share Program we may request that your PayPal ID be linked to the Service.

---

If you choose to provide your PayPal account, we may ask for additional information such as your Name (Legal Name/Business Alias),
Full name/Business Name, Country, Residency, Address, Postal code, E-mail, Signature and Tax ID (or Social Security Number when
applicable) for tax processing purposes.

---

Information About Your Use of Services: When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a
string of alphanumeric characters – to your device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie
disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

on subsequent visits to the Service. We may also automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of
technology, including “clear gifs" or "web beacons.” In this context, we may collect certain information about you, such as your IP
address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after
you use the Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Service, and the dates and times that you
visit, access, or use the Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email
messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all users, and may be
connected with other information about you.

---

Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or
choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential. We
may use third party cookies on our Service as well. For instance, we use Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics
data. Google provides some additional privacy options described at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/regarding
Google Analytics cookies.

---

Third Party Web Beacons and Third Party Buttons: We may display third-party content on the Service, including third-party
advertising. Third-party content may use cookies, web beacons, or other mechanisms for obtaining data in connection with your
viewing of the third party content on the Service. Additionally, we may implement third party buttons (such as Facebook “like” or
“share” buttons) that may function as web beacons even when you do not interact with the button. Information collected through
third-party web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties, not by VoyceMe. Information collected by a third
party in this manner is subject to that third party's own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.

---

2. How We Use the Information We Collect

---

We use the Personal Information that we collect on the Service:
a.) to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service;
b.) to provide services and information that you request;
c.) to respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to users;
d.) to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

e.) to protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
f.) to comply with and enforce applicable law requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this Privacy
Policy; and
g.) to process and deliver entries and rewards in connection with promotions that may be offered from time to time on the Service.

---

We use the Personal Information that we collect on the Service to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our
users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.

---

We may use your email address or other Personal Information we collect to send marketing communications, including updates on
promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties.

---

[For Creators using VoyceMe and/or AD SHARE PROGRAM]

---

In addition to the above provision of services, we may use the information collected on creators using VoyceMe and/or AD SHARE
PROGRAM for the following additional purposes:
a.) Verify your identity to comply with applicable federal laws;
b.) Provide AD SHARE PROGRAM to users;
c.) Send emails relevant to your usage, as controlled by your email preference;
d.) Reply to your questions;
e.) Understand how you use the Service and create better AAD SHARE PROGRAMs;
f.) Conduct research and development to improve AD SHARE PROGRAM and develop future products;
g.) Comply with and enforce applicable law requirements, our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws), relevant industry standards and
our policies, including this Privacy Policy; and
h.) Prevent fraud and abuse of AD SHARE PROGRAM.

---

Except as described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of the collection, we will not disclose information about
you that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to
us doing so, or if any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service will be available to
anyone who has access to that content, including other users.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We work with third party service providers to provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services
for us. These third parties may have access to or process information about you as part of providing those services for us. Generally,
we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their
functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information.

---

We may make certain aggregated, automatically-collected, or otherwise de-identified information available to third parties for
various purposes, including:
a.) compliance with various reporting obligations;
b.) for business or marketing purposes; or
c.) to assist such parties in understanding our users' interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services,
advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

c.) only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer if required under any contract,
by applicable law, or, in anonymized form, for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.

---

Automated Collection: Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline
cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the site. Please note that there is currently no uniform way in
which to respond to “Do Not Track” signals, and at this time we do not respond to such signals.

---

6. How We Protect Personal Information

---

We take protection of your information seriously and maintain safeguards designed to protect the information we collect in
connection with the Services. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website,
Internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

8. Children's Personal Information:

---

Users under the age of 13 are not the primary audience for our service as it relates to the COPPA compliance, but we may collect
information from users under the age of 13 in the United States if we have the legal guardian's consent consistent with the applicable
laws. To read about our privacy policy for children, please see the Children's Privacy Policy.