PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: March 19, 2025
SocialChain, its parent, and affiliates ("SocialChain") recognize that people who use Pi Network applications value their privacy. This
Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how SocialChain ("we", "our", or "us") collects, uses, shares, and stores personal information of its
users from the Pi Network mobile application, the Pi Browser mobile application, the Pi Node desktop software, Pi applications on Pi Apps
Platform including Pi Wallet, Pi KYC, Pi Developer portal and the website, https://minepi.com/ (the "Site") with regard to the Pi Digital
Currency ("Pi"). This Policy applies to the Site, applications, products and services (collectively, "Services") on or in which it is posted,
linked, or referenced.

---

By using the Services, you accept the terms of this Policy and our Terms of Use, located at https://socialchain.app/tos, and consent to our
collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your information as described in this Policy. If you have not done so already, please also review
our Terms of Use. The Terms of Use contain provisions that limit our liability to you and require you to resolve any dispute with us on an
individual basis and not as part of any class or representative action. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY
POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF USE, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE SERVICES.

---

WHAT WE COLLECT
We collect personal information about you in the following ways: 1) from you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us; 2)
using automated technology, including when you visit our Site, social media, or communications; and 3) using third party sources, including
our service providers, analytics providers, and social media companies. Automated technology collects information from your mobile device
and includes cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, or other similar technology. More information is given below in the "Cookies and
Other Technology" section below.

---

We may make full use of all information that is de-identified, aggregated, or otherwise not in personally identifiable form. We may combine
data collected from third party sources.

---

Information you give us
Information we collect from you includes:
• Contact and identity information, such as your name, phone number, email address, Facebook name, username;
•
•
•
User-created content, such as your chat messages, comments, likes, thumb-ups/downs, arts and graphics in social applications
including chats and forums;
Network information regarding transactions, such as transactions you send or receive.
Feedback and correspondence, such as information you provide in your responses to surveys, when you participate in community
research activities, report a problem with Service, receive customer support or otherwise correspond with us;
• Marketing information, such your preferences for receiving marketing communications and ads and details about how you engage
with them.

---

Know Your Customer Verification Information
Separate from the personal data collected in our app and from other sources as set forth herein, and to comply with industry
regulatory standards and government orders in different areas such as Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Know-Your-Client (KYC),
and Counter-Terrorist Financing (CTF), SocialChain collects personal information such as identity documents (including passport,
driver's license, national identity card, state ID card, tax ID number, passport number, driver's license details, national identity card
details, visa information, selfie images, selfie videos etc.), proof of address, source of fund declaration, purposes of fund documents,
and source of wealth ("KYC Data"). This KYC data is collected and used solely to verify the identity of Pi Network members
("Pioneers"), and to be compliant with regulatory requirements and the SocialChain policy that only real human beings can receive
Pi. SocialChain's KYC process is multifaceted and incorporates the use of real human beings and Al technology. We utilize AI
technology in our KYC process for enhanced efficiency and security. Personal information collected for identity verification may be
processed using AI algorithms. We use ChatGPT to automate identity verification and enhance security measures. By using our
KYC services, users consent to the use of ChatGPT, and other Al providers that may be later implemented, as part of our KYC
process.

---

Information we get from others
We may get information about you from other third party sources and we may add this to information we get from your use of the Services.
Such information may include:
•
•
We may collect information that other users provide about you when they use our services. For example, if another user allows us to
collect information from their device phonebook or email contacts and you're one of that user's contacts-we may combine the
information we collect from that user's phonebook or email contacts with other information we have collected about you. We may
also obtain information from other companies. For example, we offers the option for you to login to our services through your
Facebook account and Apple sign-in. With your authorization through Facebook, Google or iOS, these companies will give us the
information that you consent to send us.
Social Media Widgets: Our Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook logins, “like” button and widgets, such as
the "share this" button. These features may collect your personal information and track your use of the Site. These social media
features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the
privacy policy of the company providing such functionality.

---

Information automatically collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about your usage of our apps, activities you have through our servers, such as how many
times you mine, how many security circle members you add, the number of friends you invite to our apps, browsing history in the Pi
Browser application, your usage information of Pi apps.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Account information. We collect information about account status, language, Pi data, account behavior data.

---

Device Information. We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier,
unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information
(including the mobile phone number).

---

Device Phonebook. If you're using our mobile app, we may-with your consent-collect information from your device's phonebook.

---

Location Information. By using our services, you acknowledge that we may collect information about your location. With your consent, we
may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access
points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses. If you are a Pi Node -meaning you run the desktop software
of Pi Node downloadable from link https://node.minepi.com/ - your IP address is public.

---

Log Information. We also collect log information when you use our website. That information includes, among other things:
• details about how you've used our services
•
device information, such as your web browser type, operating system and language
access times
pages viewed
IP address
identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser
pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.
the pages or features of our Site to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, the frequency with which the
Site is used by a user, search terms, the links on our Site that a user clicked on or used, and other statistics.

---

We may use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users' movements around the website, and to
gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. For
more information, please see the section entitled "Cookies Policy" below.

---

We also use Google Analytics to help us offer you an optimized user experience. You can find more information about Google Analytics' use
of your personal data here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

---

HOW WE USE INFORMATION
To provide our service
We will use your information in the following ways:
• develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our services,
communicate with you, to send information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and
administrative messages, etc..
• monitor and analyze usage,
•
•
•
personalize the services by, among other things, suggesting friends or message templates, or customizing the content we show you,
including ads,
enhance the safety and security of our products and services
verify your identity, and protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity,
use information we've collected from cookies and other technology to enhance the services and your experience with them.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

•
We do not share any data with ad networks directly. However the ad networks used inside our apps may request directly from your
phone's operating system, such as iOS or Android, an anonymized advertising identifier in order to for them to serve you with more
relevant ads.

---

USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
We welcome users from all over the world, but wherever you live or use our services, we operate our services from the United States. This
means that we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries
whose local data-protection and privacy laws may offer fewer protections than those in your country of residence or from any country where
you use or access the services.

---

HOW INFORMATION IS SECURED
We retain information we collect as long as it is necessary and relevant to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we
retain personal information to comply with applicable law where required, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist
with any investigation, enforce our Terms of Use, and other actions permitted by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for
personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from
unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we
can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.

---

INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
Accessing, Updating, Correcting, and Deleting your Information
You may access information that you have voluntarily provided through your account on the Services, and may review, or request that it be
corrected, or deleted by logging into your account in the Pi mobile application and visiting the user profile screen. For further requests in
regard to personal data access, you may 1) submit a request ticket through this link, or 2) make a request through
https://prighter.com/q/16457313501. You can request to correct contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and correct your personal
information and preferences, subject to applicable law and SocialChain terms of service. If you choose to withdraw your consent from the
collection, processing, and transfer of your information then we will be unable to provide you with a service and your account will be
deleted. Data subjects have the right to withdraw their consent at any time and we will honor your request. However, because your consent
to the sharing of information is necessary for our ability to verifying the identity of Pioneers so as to be compliant with regulatory
requirements and the SocialChain policy that only real human beings can receive Pi, without your consent we cannot provide you with our
service.

---

CHILDREN
Our services are not intended for and we don't direct them to anyone under 13. And that's why we do not knowingly collect personal
information from anyone under 13. Consistent with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), if we learn
that we have received any information directly from a child under age 16 without first receiving his or her parent's verified consent, we will
use that information only to respond directly to that child (or his or her parent or legal guardian) to inform the child that he or she cannot use
the Site and subsequently we will delete that information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Sensitive Data
Some of the information you provide us may constitute sensitive data as defined in the GDPR (also referred to as special categories of
personal data), including identification of your race or ethnicity on government-issued identification documents.

---

Use for New Purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so and where
the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose,
we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your
personal information, we will seek your consent for any unrelated purpose.

---

The collection, processing, and transfer of your information is necessary for our ability to provide you with our service. Without your
consent we will be unable to authenticate your account, verify your identity, facilitate mining, establish security circles along with various
other actions necessary for providing you with our service. As a result, if you decline to consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of
your data we will be unable to provide you with our service.

---

COOKIES POLICY
We understand that your privacy is important to you and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. In the spirit of
transparency, this policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Site.

---

Do we use Cookies?
Yes. We and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics or service providers use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies
to ensure everyone who uses the Site has the best possible experience.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

What is a Cookie?
A cookie ("Cookie") is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be
read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select
certain preferences, and some Cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each Cookie by viewing our current Cookie list
below. We update this list periodically, so there may be additional Cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used
in the Site or in emails to help us to deliver Cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an
email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on
an individual and aggregated basis.

---

Why do we use Cookies?
We generally use Cookies for the following purposes:
• To recognize new or past customers.
•
To store your password if you are registered on our Site.
To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site.
• To integrate with third party social media websites.
• To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.

---

Some Cookies are necessary for certain uses of the Site, and without such Cookies, we would not be able to provide many services that you
need to properly use the Site. These Cookies, for example, allow us to operate our Site so you may access it as you have requested and let us
recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable
us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites.

---

We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis, marketing and security purposes. Functional Cookies enable
certain parts of the site to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect
information on how visitors use our Site, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party
advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results.
Security cookies, such as CAPTCHA, ensure that users are human. Cookies are either "session" Cookies which are deleted when you end
your browser session, or “persistent,” which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the Cookie. Full
details on all of the Cookies used on the Site are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below.

---

We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the
combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve Cookies on our Site may link your name or email address to
other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information. If you are
located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header "Notice to EU Data Subjects",
including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you.

---

Cookies Disclosure
| Name of Cookie/Identifier | What does the Cookie generally do (e.g., website function and administration, analytics, marketing)? | Is it a 1st or 3rd party Cookie and what is the name of the party providing it? | What type of Cookie is it (persistent or session)? | What is the duration of the Cookie on the website (if not cleared by the user)? |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Google Analytics | Analytics | 3rd - Google | Persistent | 2 years |
| minepi_session | Maintaining user experience continuity | 1st - Pi Network | Persistent | 9 days |