As of July 7, 2020, the European Union Court of Justice (“ECJ”) held the EU-US
Privacy Shield arrangement to be insufficient to guarantee the privacy of EU citizens
with respect to information collected by companies in the United States. In short, it
invalidated this arrangement. We remain hopeful that the EU and the US will reach
an adequate arrangement. Nonetheless, Key Collector Comics has always
respected the privacy of its customers – regardless of a specific arrangement or
framework. Key Collector Comics has also always strived to maintain a high level of
privacy protection and, with respect to our EU customers, including compliance with
EU data protection laws (currently, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”))
and the use of Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs). In the same decision
invalidating the Privacy Shield, the ECJ held the SCCs to be sufficient. Key Collector
Comics shall continue to abide by the GDPR and enter into SCCs where applicable.
Should you have any questions, please contact our privacy officer at
support@keycollectorcomics.com. This Privacy and Security Policy is provided for
the benefit of customers and clients of Key Collector Comics LLC ("Key Collector
Comics") as well as other consumers and parties who seek information from or
about Key Collector Comics and/or its website(s), particularly
keycollectorcomics.com (“Website” or “keycollectorcomics.com"), and/or
applications ("Apps”) (collectively, “Key Collector Comics Services”).

---
1. OPENING STATEMENTS
Your privacy and personal information is very important to Key Collector Comics,
LLC. Key Collector Comics offers full transparency of our data collection policies as
it pertains to the Key Collector Comics mobile application, website or any other
resource in which Key Collector Comics, LLC collects information. We will only
collect personal information by request and consent.

---
1.2 Our Commitment to Privacy
At Key Collector Comics, we respect the privacy and the confidentiality of our
customers' information, particularly our customers' PII (also commonly referred to
as personally identifiable information) (“PII”). We are committed to keeping
confidential the Pll you share with us. This Privacy and Security Policy explains how
Key Collector Comics collects, uses, discloses and protects the information we
obtain.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
1.3 Applicability of Privacy and Security Policy
Our Privacy and Security Policy applies to all individuals and entities from whom or
for the benefit of whom we receive PII, whether it be collected through our corporate
owned websites; Apps; traditional mailing and/or faxing channels; telephone or
electronic communications; from some other medium; and/or from our clients.

---
1.5 U.S.-EU Framework and GDPR.
Key Collector Comics values the trust its European Union (“EU") customers place in
it to professionally and securely provide services and store data. As such, Key
Collector Comics maintains an ongoing commitment to EU privacy laws and
policies. In fact, Key Collector Comics maintains an ongoing commitment to treat all
personal data received, from the European Union or elsewhere, under the principles
of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Indeed, Key Collector
Comics has proceeded one step further in its efforts to meet the heightened
requirements of EU data protection. Key Collector Comics makes every effort to
comply fully with the applicable principles of the EU GDPR. It also enters into SCCs
with any business customer that wishes to do so.

---
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW IT IS USED

---
2.1 Personally Identifiable Information or PII
PII represent any information that would, by itself, identify you or tend to identify you
as a particular individual or entity. This PII may include, but not be limited to, your
name, your address, credit card number, bank account information, and/or personal
identification number (such as a social security number or driver's license number).

---
2.1.4 Key Collector Comics does consider your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address to be
Pll and will treat it as such.

---
2.2 Information Collected

---
2.2.1 Key Collector Comics collects information that is considered Pll and other
information that, by itself, would not be considered personally identifiable
information ("Non-PII”).

---
[PAGE BREAK]
2.2.2 When you create an account and register for any of our Key Collector Comics
Services (whether through a Website, App, or other portal), we collect information
submitted by you including, but not limited to, your email address and IP address.
We use this information to identify our customers and send notifications related to
the use of our Key Collector Comics Services.

---
2.2.3 For our paid subscription customers, you will need to submit information for
one or more of your financial accounts to provide you with Key Collector Comics
Services. This information may likely contain both PII and Non-PII depending on the
nature of the account holder information. However, Key Collector Comics uses a
third-party payment processing service and does not receive or store your
information on our servers.

---
2.3 Collecting and Using Personally Identifiable Information

---
2.3.1 Key Collector Comics will explain how it intends to use Pll either before it
collects the information (such as in this Privacy and Security Policy) or
contemporaneously with the solicitation of such information. Exceptions may exist
where the intended use is obvious to a reasonable person.

---
2.3.2 Generally, Key Collector Comics collects personal identifiable information
when an individual registers with or uses any of the Key Collector Comics Services.
This information typically includes, at a minimum, an email address and any
additional information provided by the account holder that could identify that
account holder.

---
2.3.3 We will use the Pll collected only for the purposes explained to you. Further,
we limit the collection of Pll to only that information which is necessary for the
purposes explained to you.

---
2.3.4 Generally, we use the PIl collected and/or received about you in connection
with our Apps, Website, Key Collector Comics Services, and their various features.
For example, Key Collector Comics may use your Pll and/or the information we
receive about you in the normal course of providing the Key Collector Comics
Services; as part of our efforts to keep Key Collector Comics safe and secure; to
operate or improve the Apps, Website and/or Key Collector Comics Services; to
provide Key Collector Comics Services; to make suggestions to you and other users
on Key Collector Comics; to provide support.to outsource certain services to
Strategic Partners; to complete a transaction that has been requested; to develop
aggregate information; and/or as otherwise disclosed to you. Granting us this
permission not only allows us to provide Key Collector Comics as it exists today, but
it also allows us to provide you with innovative features and services we develop in
the future that use the Pll we receive about you in new ways. We may use your Pll to
communicate with you for the foregoing and other reasons by email or other
electronic communication method, unless you expressly indicate to Key Collector
Comics not to use a particular method of communication. While you are allowing us
to use the Pll we receive about you, you always own all of your information. Your
trust is important to us, which is why we don't share Pll we receive about you with
others unless we have received your express permission for the information to be
used for such purpose. Additionally, we may use aggregated information derived
from Pll to improve the Key Collector Comics Services and any related matters
thereto.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
2.3.5 Unless we are required to do so by law, we shall not obtain your consent
before collecting Pll about you from parties other than Key Collector Comics.
Rather, Key Collector Comics shall presume that you have previously provided such
consent to any such third party from whom Key Collector Comics obtains such
information. This only applies to information provided by third parties to Key
Collector Comics. Key Collector Comics does not provide third parties with access
to your account information and only shares your information with third parties
where we have your consent to do so.

---
2.4.1 We do not share Pll we obtain from your use of our Key Collector Comics
Services with others except as described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of
Use.

---
2.4.2 General.
Key Collector Comics may use your PII and/or the information we receive about you
in the normal course of providing the Key Collector Comics Services; as part of our
efforts to keep Key Collector Comics safe and secure; to operate or improve the
Apps, Website and/or Key Collector Comics Services; to provide Key Collector
Comics Services; to make suggestions to you and other users on Key Collector
Comics; to provide support; to outsource certain services to Strategic Partners; to
complete a transaction that has been requested; to develop aggregate information;
and/or as otherwise disclosed to you. Additionally, Key Collector Comics may use
information collected from you to authenticate user accounts and to send
notifications related to Subscription services. Occasionally, we may utilize an email
address to send updates, offers, newsletters or messages from potential future
partnerships on a strictly limited basis and at all times related to comics and pop
culture. Users may choose not to receive emails of this type by using the
unsubscribe feature found at the bottom of any email or newsletter delivered. Users
can also enable or disable push notification messages by accessing the option
through the Menu button, then the Manage Subscriptions button. Key Collector
Comics may provide Pll to other persons where (a) we have your consent; (b) the
disclosure is necessary to complete a transaction requested; (c) we have obtained
information from a third party (presuming that you have previously provided such
consent to any such third party from whom Key Collector Comics obtains such
information); (d) we are required or permitted to do so by law; (e) the Apps, Website
and/or Key Collector Comics Services are used in a manner that violates the Terms
of Use or uses for purposes other than those for which they were specifically
intended; and/or (f) the terms of this Privacy and Security Policy and/or the Terms
of Use otherwise permit and/or provide for such disclosure.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
2.5 Non-Personally Identifiable Information

---
2.5.1 In addition to collecting Pll as previously described, Key Collector Comics also
collects other non-PII.

---
2.5.2 Non-Pll collected by Key Collector Comics may be utilized without restriction

---
2.6 Information Obtained From Use of Key Collector Comics' Websites

---
2.6.1 Cookies
Cookies can be defined as bits of data stored on your computer that allow
website(s) to identify your browser and session. If you reject all cookies, you may
not be able to use the Key Collector Comics Services or products that require you to
"sign in" and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings. Most web
browsers automatically accept and collect Cookies. However, most browsers also
allow you to configure them to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you
when a cookie is set. Depending upon your web browser's security settings, you may
have the ability to reject all cookies. The Key Collector Comics Website uses and/or
may use its own cookies for a number of purposes including, but not limited to:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
A. Requiring you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has
elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents;
B. Keep track of preferences specified by our users while using the Key Collector
Comics Website;
C. Estimate and report our total audience size and traffic;
D. Security purposes;
E. Conduct research to improve the content and services provided on the Key
Collector Comics Website; and,
F. Identify to Third Parties that you have visited our Website.

---
We also store Cookies on our website for use with Google Analytics and Facebook.
Many of our Strategic Partners may use Cookies. Key Collector Comics maintains
no control over the use of Cookies by our strategic partners or third-party
advertisers. For information on how these third parties utilize Cookies collected, you
should examine their respective privacy policies. More specifically, when you use
Key Collector Comics Services, cookies may be placed on your computing device
that inform third parties you visited our services. Because of this, you may receive
advertisements relating to Key Collector Comics. Although Key Collector Comics
provides these ads to third parties and requests that they be placed when the
advertising services find our cookies, we do not control the timing, location, and
placement of the ads. So, though Key Collector Comics controls generally when and
to what type of individual or cookie receives an ad, we do not control whether a
specific user or consumer receives an ad. Should you wish to cease receiving such
advertisements, you should opt out of these re-targeting services directly on the
third party websites or platforms where possible.

---
2.6.2. Google AdWords Marketing
Key Collector Comics may use, from time to time, Google Adwords marketing
campaigns to promote its products and services. In particular, Key Collector Comics
intends to use Google AdWords “Remarketing” campaigns In using Google Adwords
marketing campaigns, Google will place a cookie on your computer when you visit
Key Collector Comics' website(s). As you leave Key Collector Comics' website(s),
this cookie will later enable banners and other materials to appear through which
you can return to Key Collector Comics' website(s). The foregoing being said,
through the use of any Google AdWords marketing campaign, Key Collector Comics:
A. SHALL NOT run an interest-based advertising campaign that collects PII;
B. SHALL NOT use or associate PII with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds, or
other anonymous identifiers;
C. SHALL NOT use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or
location, with any Pll collected from any Google AdWords ad or landing page
associated with it;

---
[PAGE BREAK]
D. SHALL NOT target children under the age of 13 through any Google AdWords
campaign;
E. SHALL NOT share any PII with Google through Key Collector Comics' remarketing
tag or any product data feeds which might be associated with Key Collector
Comics's ads;
F. SHALL NOT, when creating a remarketing list, use any sensitive information (as
defined by Google), or products associated with such sensitive information, about
visitors to Key Collector Comics's Website(s), any of its Webpages, or Apps, whether
Key Collector Comics collected it directly or associated it with a visitor, based on the
visitor's profile or behavior on Key Collector Comics's website(s), webpages, and/or
through its Apps;
G. SHALL NOT create a remarketing list or ad that seeks to reach people through
prohibited methods; and,
H. SHALL NOT create or produce ad content that implies knowledge of Pll or
sensitive information.
Key Collector Comics has no objection to Google providing notice or labels to
disclose interest-based advertising to its users. Key Collector Comics has no
objection to Google displaying to its users the remarketing lists, including those of
Key Collector Comics, upon which they appear. For your protection, Google will not
disclose Key Collector Comics remarketing lists or other similar audience lists to
another advertiser without Key Collector Comics' consent. At this time, Key
Collector Comics shall not permit such disclosures.

---
2.6.2 Browser and Session Information Key Collector Comics may collect
information about your browser and session at the Website and/or using the
Website Services.

---
2.6.3 IP Addresses Key Collector Comics maintains a log of Internet Protocol (IP)
addresses when Key Collector Comics computers, servers, Services, and/or
websites (including, the Website) have been accessed. An IP address by itself does
not allow us to collect additional PII about you. IP addresses may be used for
various purposes including, but not limited to:
A. Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or
engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web
company or ISP;
B. Estimate the total number of users visiting a Key Collector Comics computer,
server, and/or website from specific geographical regions.
C. Help determine which users have access privileges to certain content, services or
resources offered; and,
D. Monitor and prevent fraud and abuse.

---
OTHER THAN YOUR IP ADDRESS, KEY COLLECTOR COMICS DOES NOT DIRECTLY
COLLECT ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU UNLESS
YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE US WITH THIS INFORMATION.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
2.7.2 The length of time for which Key Collector Comics retains PII and other
information will vary depending on the nature of the services for which the
information has been collected and the nature of the information.

---
3. CONSENT

---
3.1 Key Collector Comics may obtain personal information about you through a
variety of sources. For each source or method, the manner of consent may differ.

---
3.2 In general, Key Collector Comics operates on an “Opt-IN” basis. That is, Key
Collector Comics will obtain your consent to use information provided to it by
describing the intended use and requesting that you indicate your agreement.

---
3.4 Where Key Collector Comics obtains information about a consumer from its
customers or other third parties, Key Collector Comics presumes that the consumer
has previously provided appropriate consent to the party from whom Key Collector
Comics obtains the information. In any case, the consumer can be assured that this
Privacy and Security Policy applies to any information obtained from a third party.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
3.6 Control of your Personal Data.
For any of the various ways in which you can control your personal data, particularly
by limiting the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal data
(including, but not limited to, as described in sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 4.1, 4.2, and 4.5),
Key Collector Comics has a designated Privacy Officer to which you should submit
all inquiries and requests at support@keycollectorcomics.com. This is the most
efficient means of submitting a request. Our Privacy Officer and legal counsel both
receive emails sent to support@keycollectorcomics.com. You also have the limited
ability to change aspects of your information through your account. Finally, we
direct you specifically to our limitations on deleting information described in 4.5.

---
5.1 Key Collector Comics takes the issue of protecting your anonymity and personal
information very seriously. Key Collector Comics protects the information it obtains
about you with appropriate, commercially reasonable safeguards and security
measures consistent with standard information practices. These measures include
commercially reasonable technical and procedural steps to protect your data from
misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, alteration, or destruction.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
6.1 Should you have any complaints with respect to Key Collector Comics Services'
compliance with our Privacy and Security Policy, any applicable SCC obligations,
and/or our GDPR commitments, we encourage you to contact us directly to resolve
any such complaints. Key Collector Comics is committed to remedying any issues
as they arise and expressly commits to resolve complaints about our collection or
use of your personal information. We value our customers and their privacy. As
such, this commitment reflects our general business philosophy but also complies
with Privacy Shield and other applicable principles. Consequently, we want to hear
from you should you have any issues regarding our privacy practices. You may send
an email to support@keycollectorcomics.com.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Depending on your settings, you may receive Key Collector Comics
advertisements off of our website because your browser contains retained data
from Key Collector Comics Services. While Key Collector Comics may provide third
parties with advertisements and your computing devices may retain data that you
visited Key Collector Comics Services, we cannot control the computers or servers
owned by third parties. You can adjust settings with some of these Third Parties to
opt out of targeted advertising. You can also choose to use an incognito or other
function that precludes retention of browser information. But, modifications of your
browser settings may affect the quality of Key Collector Comics Services you
receive.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
9. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
We make it a practice not to knowingly obtain and/or retain information about
individuals under the age of thirteen (13). Indeed, no part of Key Collector Comics
Services is directed to anyone under the age of thirteen (13).

---
10. ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION
10.1 When you post content on and/or through the Key Collector Comics Services,
you have the ability to post content which may include personally identifiable
information or Pll about yourself. You are responsible for the information you (a)
post online; (b) post through use of the Key Collector Comics Services; or, (c) share
with another website that you link to from our Website. You do so at your own risk.
Key Collector Comics warns you to be careful in posting information accessible to
the public.

---
10.2 If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may
receive unsolicited messages from other parties or other unwanted and possibly
harmful contact. Key Collector Comics warns you to be careful in posting
information accessible to the public.