1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically
when you visit our Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Apps. This information does not reveal
your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as
your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device
name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Apps and other technical information. This
information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Apps, and for our internal analytics and
reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more
about this in our Cookies Policy: https://www.squarespace.com/cookie-policy.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short: We may collect information regarding your mobile device, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and
manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.

---

We use personal information collected via our Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your
personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a
contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific
processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis,
identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our
Apps, products, marketing and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized
form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. We will not use
identifiable personal information without your consent.

---

Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors,
service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such
information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services,
customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Apps,
which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to,
among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online
activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for
their promotional purposes.

---

4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information.
Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie
Policy: https://www.squarespace.com/cookie-policy.

---

5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless
otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice,
unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No
purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 90 days .
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or
anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example because your personal information has been stored in backup
archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion
is possible.

---

7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that
you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of
the Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate
the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any
data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at info@scrlapp.com.

---

In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These
may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or
erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain
circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a
request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with
applicable data protection laws.

---

9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”)
feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing
activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has
been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically
communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the
future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

---

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Apps, you have the right to
request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us
using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a
statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be
aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.