2. Which data we collect, process and use from you, why and how long
(1) Camera
The app may use access to the cameras or the associated light of the user's
smartphone. This access is then required to properly display functionality of the
app and is collected for the duration of use of the app. These data are not
stored with us.
---
(2) Usage data
For statistical evaluations, after opening the app, the IP address, the operating
system version, date and time and the manufacturer of the device as well as details
of the used device are recorded. These data are partially deleted and anonymized
after 14 days, so that they can no longer be assigned to a user.
---
(3) Evaluation system
If the app includes a rating system, we collect in this context the following data:
date and time of the given rating, the number of given stars, if available the written
message of the writer, IP address, the operating system, the operating system
version, as well as details of the used device. These data are collected for the
continuous improvement of the app and after 14 days partially deleted and
anonymized, so that they can no longer be assigned to a user.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
(5) Microphone
The app may be using access to the user's microphone. This access is then required
to properly display functionality of the app and is collected for the duration of use
of the app. These data are not stored with us.
---
(6) Settings / Configurations in the app
Settings or configurations which are made in the app by the user are stored locally
on the device of the user. The duration of the storage depends on the type of
setting and is variable. Some settings are discarded every time the app is closed
and others persist until the app is uninstalled. At the latest when uninstalling the
app all this data will be deleted. These data are not stored with us.
---
3. Security of the data
All collected and processed data are protected with adequate security methods.
This includes the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data. The
collected and processed data from number 2 can only be accessed by us.
---
5. Declaration of consent
By using this app and the services contained therein, you agree that the
personal data you have voluntarily submitted will be stored by us and
processed and used in accordance with this privacy policy. If the user of this app
is under the age of 16, the consent of a parent or guardian must be obtained
and delivered to us via email to waterfullrainbow@gmail.com before using the
app.
---
6. Consent for showing advertising in the app
You may see ads in the app. Google AdMob, Facebook, Startapp and may Unity
Ads are responsible for collecting data for delivery of online advertising. We do
not collect any personal data in this context. For further details how these
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
7. Links to other websites
We may link websites with non-affiliated third-party providers (third-party
websites). If you click on these links, we no longer have any influence on the
data collected and used by these providers. More detailed information on data
collection and use can be found in the privacy policy of the respective provider.
We assume no responsibility for the collection and processing of data by third
parties.
---
9. Right to information
As a user, you have the right to free information on the personal data stored
about you at InterPressureHub as well as the origin of the data, as far as we can
assign them to you. To do this, please email our Data Privacy Officer
interpressurehub@yandex.com.