This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
---
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The
Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your
information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
---
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
---
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
•
•
AdMob (https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
Firebase Analytics (https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)
• Crashlytics (https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy)
• Google Places API for Android (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
---
Location Data
Our Service makes use of information about your actual location ("Location Data"). Location Data reveals where you
currently are or where you have been. As application works offline. Your Location data is getting saved in the your
device only.
On device data is stored on secure application private directory, other apps can not access the data.
If you like to sync data on cloud for backup purpose you can opt in. you can also delete data on device and it will
permanently delete data from cloud.
Data is transmitted over a secure encrypted connection for cloud service.
---
Collection and Use of Your Geolocation Data In background
This Service may collect device geo location on time to time if you have enabled geofence feature. we do not collect,
log, store or transfer location data. it will be used only realtime to facilitate geofence feature.
---
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and
information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such
as your device Internet Protocol ('IP') address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app
when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
---
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use
"cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use
some portions of this Service.
---
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal
information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your
child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.