Electrolux is committed to being a trusted and responsible partner for all of its valued customers. This means that we are committed to operating in an
open and transparent manner and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including providing our customers with up-to-date information
about our collection and use of personal data.

---
We would like to provide you with information about what information about you (your "personal data") that we collect, what we use it for, with whom
we share it and what rights you have.

---
The types of personal data we collect:
A) Contact information - such as name, address, phone number, email address, and login information;
B) Information about your purchase of products or services - such as product registration information, warranty information and enrolment
status in services;
C) Consumer satisfaction and feedback data - such as the results of customer satisfaction and feedback surveys;
D) Data collected when you are visiting our website - such as data collected through cookies and other automatically collected data to
provide you with our websites, or information that you provide us with when visiting our websites (such as through contact forms etc.);
E) Data identifying the appliance - such as PNC number, serial number, software version, MAC address, model, colour etc;
F) Appliance usage data - such as how and when the appliance is being used (frequency and which cycles)
G) Data generated by the appliance itself - such as operating data e.g. opening and closing of internal valves, heating circuit use and
efficiency, oven temperature, motor power, activities driven by the appliance's software in order to deliver the cycle/function chosen by you;
efficiency data e.g. water consumption, energy consumption; situational Data e.g. conditions surrounding the appliance such as ambient
temperature, air humidity, water hardness.

---
How we collect personal data:
•
from you or your representative when purchasing your product, registering your product, visiting our website, activating your
account, ordering a service, participating in our campaigns, creating a product review or when downloading and using an
application;
•
from our retailers;
•
from our third party service providers, suppliers and partners;
•
from publicly available sources;
•
from social media, e.g. Facebook if you choose to use Facebook to facilitate logging into our websites / apps.

---
You may choose not to provide certain types of personal data to us. If you choose to do so, this may affect our ability to provide you with, and your
ability to make use of, certain appliances and/or services or their functionalities and features. However, unless otherwise specified, your choice not to
provide such information will not result in legal consequences for you.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
We may also combine the personal data you provide to us with other information collected online or offline to the extent permitted by applicable laws,
including information provided by third parties, and use or share it for the purposes described in this Data Privacy Statement We may anonymise the
information we collect (meaning that it can no longer be associated to you and hence no longer constitutes personal data).

---
Why we process your personal data and the legal basis for the processing
We may use your personal data for the following purposes (collectively "Processing Purposes"):
| Processing Purposes | Type(s) of personal data | Legal basis |
|---|---|---|
| To assist in the development, testing, enhancement and modifications of our products and services | Types C, E, F and G above | Legitimate interest to enchance and modify our products and services. |
| In the event of a contemplated or actual reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets and stock | Types A, B, C, D, E, F, and G above | Legitimate interest to facilitate and/or enable the contemplated or actual reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets and stocks. |
| To send you marketing communications | Your contact information (type A and B above) | Consent or Legitimate interest to market our products and services. |
| To enable functionality in accordance with the description of the appliance / service | Types A, E, F and G above | Fulfilment of contract |
| To provide you with products and services you have requested | Types A, C, D, E, F and G above | Fulfilment of contract |
| To provide you with administrative notices such as user guidance/ product safety notices relating to your appliance, service or account | Types A, B, E, F and G above | Fulfilment of contract |
| For troubleshooting and repairing purposes | Types A, E, F and G above | Fulfilment of contract |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
| To communicate with you about your product, service or account and similar customer service related activities | Types A, B, C, D, E, F and G above | Fulfilment of contract or other legitimate purpose, such as to keep you informed about products, services or account |
|---|---|---|
| Internal business purposes, including security, analytics, audit, and for our core operational activities | Types A, B, C, D, E, F and G above | Legitimate interest to facilitate and enable us to fulfil our internal business purposes. |
| To evaluate your feedback when you rate and review our products or services | Type A, C above | Legitimate interest of improving our products. |
| To manage and operate our websites and applications, including online registration | Types A, B, C, D, E, F and G above | Fulfilment of contract or other legitimate interest such as enhancing user experience. |

---
Your choices regarding marketing and information
You have certain choices regarding how we use and share your personal data for marketing and similar purposes. Subject to your consent, Electrolux
may send you information about appliances, services, events and promotions. The communication may be sent via different channels: email, phone,
SMS, post, social networks. We would like to provide you with the best experience, therefore the communication might be tailored based on the data
collected and your preferences. Where required by law, we will obtain your prior consent You may withdraw your consent to marketing at any time For
example, you can unsubscribe from messages by following the unsubscribe instructions within the message or go to your online account to update your
marketing preferences. If you choose not to receive marketing communications, your personal data may still be used for the other purposes described in
this Data Privacy Statement, such as communicating with you for administrative or transaction purposes as part of the contractual relationship we have
with you or where required by law.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Social Media Advertising
Facebook Custom Audience
To analyze, optimize and efficiently market on Facebook we use Custom Audiences from Facebook which is operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4
Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook").
Upon your prior consent we provide Facebook for these purposes with a customer list that includes your email address that you provided to us when
you registered. When using the Custom Audience feature, your data is locally hashed on our system before we upload and pass it to Facebook
("Hashed Data"). Facebook is producing a Facebook User IDs out of this Hashed Data which is then matched to your Facebook data to be used by
Facebook to create the Audience (see Facebook's data protection guidelines for more details). We basically use this feature to display interest-based
advertisements to you when you visit the social network "Facebook" or other websites also using this tool.
Based on your consent, data may be transferred to a third country outside the EU / EEA that has a lower level of data protection than the EU and that
may allow access of state authorities to this data. Facebook Ireland transfers European Data to Facebook, Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA,
94304, and onward transfers may be made to other Facebook Sub-processors. As a guarantee pursuant of Art 44ff of the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), Facebook has signed the EU standard contractual clauses that form part of Facebook's Data Processing Terms.
We only actively provide Facebook with customer lists that include your email address or other personal data with your consent. The legal basis for our
processing is therefore Art 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 lit a) GDPR.
If you no longer agree to us providing your data to Facebook, you can withdraw your consent for the future at any time via your marketing permission
settings.
Further information about the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as the
privacy settings can be found in the Facebook's data protection guidelines. In this context please also note that Facebook generally allows you to
object to targeting here.

---
Google Marketing Services
To show targeted messages to users within the Google Network (such as Gmail, YouTube, Google Discover, etc.) we use the service Google Audience
from Google which is operated by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google").
Upon your prior consent we provide Google for this purpose with a customer list that includes your email address that you provided to us when you
registered. This allows Google to create a profile about your usage patterns on our website in order to display advertisements in a more targeted
manner in order to present Electrolux advertisements of interest to users on other apps and websites within the Google Network.
Based on your consent, this information is collected by Google and may be transferred to and stored by servers in a third country outside the EU / EEA
that has a lower level of data protection than the EU and that may allow access of state authorities to this data. Google Ireland Limited may transfer
European Data to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. As a guarantee pursuant of Art 44ff of the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), Google has signed the EU standard contractual clauses that form part of Google's Google Ads Data Processing Terms.
We only actively provide Google with customer lists that include your email address or other personal data with your consent The legal basis for our
processing is therefore Art 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 lit a) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent for the future via your marketing permission settings. It is
possible, that you can then still see advertisements from Electrolux even if you withdrew your consent or did not consent in the first place, but these
advertisements on third party platforms are at random.
If you no longer agree to us providing your data to Google, you can e.g. use settings and opt-out options provided by Google or opt-out via your
marketing permission settings.
Please find more information about the Google Personalized Advertising Service here. For more information about Google's use of data for marketing
purposes, please see the summary page, Google's privacy policy is available here.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Storage of your personal data
We will store your personal data for as long as may be required by law, or as required under any contract. If there is no legal requirement, we will retain
information about you only for so long as is necessary for the purpose/s for which it was collected.