We kindly encourage you to read our privacy policy below to learn what data we collect and why.
Your continued faith in us is of utmost importance. Should you have any questions related to our
privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us in one of the ways described in the “Contacts"
section below.

---
2.1.
Services. The company provides a global weather tracking and forecasting application,
which can be customized to a certain extent according to Users' preferences on their
own devices through the Website and the App. The Users may also contribute to the
Services by adding their own camera and/or weather station, which will then provide
more relevant local information to us as well as to other users. The Users may also
decide to register, and in such case, personal settings are saved in the profile and
synchronized across devices used with that account. The Windy Stations, and API
Services are provided only to registered users. The content shared through the
Community Service can also be accessed by non-registered Users, but only after
registration any content can be added. The Services are offered both for free and for
subscription. Users with subscription can use a wider range of tools and are offered
with extra features such as 1-hour forecast view, 10-day forecast outlook, forecast
updates at least 4 times a day, more detailed forecast maps, unlimited Favorites and
Alerts, 12-hour loop for Radar and Satellite, Satellite archive and many others as
currently offered and provided.

---
2.3. Scope of processed personal data. In order to provide and maximize your experience
with the Services, we may need to collect and use certain information from our Users,
some of which could be considered ‘personal data' within the meaning of the GDPR or
other relevant privacy legislation applicable in your country. If we can use the
information, alone or in combination, to reasonably identify you as an individual, we
treat the information as personal data.

---
Please note that you may choose to provide us with certain optional or additional
information when you interact with the Services, in particular, in the following ways:
•
•
Send us an email message to receive additional information – for example, you
might email us with a question and we will use your email address to respond to
your inquiry;
Submit a comment or other content like feedback and suggestions to make our
services more accurate or valid (e.g. reports relating to webcams such as wrong
location, poor image quality, other issue, etc. – such information is manually
reviewed), or send us a photo or video – for example, you might submit a cool
photo of a weather event you experienced that we may post on the Services so
others can enjoy it.

---
Special Note about Content Submissions. The Services may offer areas
(community, articles) where you and other users can post or otherwise submit
information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes,
concepts, information, ratings, or other materials on or to the Services
(collectively, "Submissions"). Any geolocation information, tags, or other
metadata in such Submissions may become publicly available. Any information,
including personal data, in your Submissions can be read, collected and used by
others. We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the
information contained in your Submissions;

---
• Customize the Services – for example, you might set a "home" location so that
every time you visit the Services, you automatically receive a display of the
weather for that home location.

---
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective
functionalities of our Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the
performance of a contract.

---
2.4. General processing_personal data of all Users (both registered and non-registered).

---
2.4.1. Statistical and measurement data. In addition to the processing of your
personal data as outlined for the particular Services in Chapter 3 below, we
generally process your personal data also for statistical and analytical
purposes.
We also collect statistical and measurement data through automated means
from Google Analytics. Although the data present in Google Analytics reports is
anonymized and we are not able to associate it with you, please note that
Google itself collects your IP address. More information about Google Analytics
can be found here. For the similar reasons we also use other services, such as
BigQuery (more information about Google BigQuery can be found here).
For example, we automatically collect:
•
Information about your device and device capabilities;
•
Information about your device's operating system;
•
Information about your browser;
•
Information about how you use the Services;
•
Your activities on the Services;
•
Mobile or internet carrier/provider;
•
Browser type;
•
Browser identifier;
• Referring URL.
This information helps us to understand, analyze, and measure how users use
the Services; manage the Services' operations; diagnose problems; recognize
repeat visitors; and facilitate your access to and use of the Services.

---
2.4.2. Third party technologies that we use in our infrastructure can produce
technical logs with your IP address; we do not perform any analysis or data
mining with this data (and delete it regularly, usually after one month). If any
personal data is processed (your IP address), such data is used only to operate
and improve such technologies.

---
2.5. Processing_personal data of registered Users only.

---
2.5.1. User account registration: When you choose to register a user account, you
will be required to provide your email address and username.
This data is provided by you if you wish to create a user account and benefit
from the respective functionalities of our Website and the App (or our
Community site and other Services – please see further chapters). We also use
it to communicate with you in this regard.

---
2.5.2. Social Login via Facebook, Google or Apple. You can register a user account
or log in by linking your Facebook, Google or Apple account via a service called
Social Login, which is an easy, secure, and straightforward way to register with
us or log in into our Services quickly.
If you connect Facebook, Google or Apple to your Windy account, we will use
your name, profile picture and email address for registration and authentication
purposes so you can benefit from the respective functionalities of our
Community site and other Services. We also use it to communicate with you in
this regard.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
We may further use this data, and some of your other public information from
these accounts, to analyze, improve, enhance, and fine-tune our products and
the Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in
operating, enhancing and further developing the Services.
When using Social Login services via Apple/Google/Facebook account on the
Website or in the App, the Company collects and processes your personal
information from the company Apple Inc. (name, email address, language
setting and profile photo), Google, Inc. (name, email address, language setting
and profile photo) or Meta Platforms, Inc. (name, email address and profile
photo) for the purpose of user account registration/log-in.
The amount of information we are able to access is dependent on the privacy
policy and the settings of your third-party accounts. These settings, in a
combination with what Windy asks for, determines the extent of the data that
can be accessed. Windy account can be disconnected from the linked third-
party account at any time. For more information about Social Login, please
follow our community article: information-about-user-profile.

---
3. Processing of personal data within the individual Services
The text in this Chapter 3 below summarizes the ways in which we collect your personal data,
what categories of personal data we collect and use, the purposes for which we process your
personal data, and the legal bases for such processing purposes with regard to each
individual Service we offer. The information provided in this chapter applies specifically to the
respective Service and it is complementary to the general information provided in other
chapters.

---
3.1.1. Processing_personal data of all Users (both registered and non-registered).
If you use our Services (Webpage and App) as a non-registered user, only
statistical and measurement data (see Chapter 2.4.1. above) are processed. All
of your favorites, search history and settings are stored solely inside your
device, and never transferred to our servers.
Further, we collect the following data:
3.1.1.1. Whenever the App or Webpage crash, a crash message is sent to our
server for investigation (and deleted after one month).

---
3.1.1.2. Geographic area-related services. The Webpage and the App offer
you quick access to weather-related information on your mobile device
(e.g. Widget), and other geographic area-related weather information
can be accessed on your desktop or mobile device (e.g. Radar). To
provide these Services, we need to collect and use information on your
current location (through the GPS module in your device or your IP
address). If you no longer wish to share your GPS location with our
Services, you may change the settings within your mobile device or not
to allow us to use your current location when the Services would require
this information. If you refuse to share your precise GPS location, the
Services will then be geographically approximated according to your
current IP address.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the
respective functionalities of our Services. The processing legal basis for this
purpose is the performance of a contract.

---
3.1.2.1. Your Favorites, Search History and Settings on our servers.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the
respective functionalities of our Services. The processing legal basis for
this purpose is the performance of a contract.

---
3.1.2.2. Alerts and Notifications. Certain Services offer you the ability to
receive weather-related updates via email or as a mobile notification. To
provide these Services, we need to collect your email address, the
geographic area to which the alert updates shall pertain and information
about devices that you use. If you no longer wish to receive these
notifications, you may opt out by turning them off within the alert
settings of your user account, through the settings on your mobile
device or the particular Service for which you registered, or by using the
unsubscribe link provided directly in your email alert.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the
respective functionalities of our Services. The processing legal basis for
this purpose is the performance of a contract.

---
3.1.2.3. Webcam registration (Possible also for non-registered users, however,
registration is highly recommended).
You may also register a webcam using the URL and location of the webcam and
your email address.
Within the framework of the Services offered by the Provider, personal data
may be provided by you to the extent that you wish to benefit from the
corresponding functionality of the Services. Specifically, the following personal
data are processed:
• Webcam Operators' personal data. During the webcam registration,
operators are offered the possibility to enter their webcam page's URL,
location, and the station operator's name.
• The data and content posted through the webcam may be shared with us
and/or with other users of the Services or used only as private (i.e. only
accessible to users with specific link) depending on your setting of the
device in the course of its registration.
This data is provided by the operator if they wish to incorporate a webcam to
the Windy Website and/or the App and benefit from the respective
functionalities of the Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is
the performance of a contract.

---
This data is provided by you if you wish to create a user account and benefit
from the respective functionalities of our Community site. We also use it to
communicate with you in this regard. Occasionally, we may send emails to your
registered email address in order to provide updates and/or to notify you of new
activity that is pertinent to you. You can customize the frequency of the
community digest (including disabling it outright), as well as select which types
of notifications to receive via email, via your user settings page. Unless
explicitly changed in your user settings, this community does not send out
email digests.

---
3.2.2. Content Submissions. The Community offers areas where you and other users
can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative
suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings, or other materials on
or to the Service. If you decide to do so, your personal data are processed as
outlined in general Chapter 2.3 above.

---
3.3.1. Weather station registration. Once you are logged in, you may also register a
weather station using the location and other details of the station. Within the
framework of the Services offered by the Provider, personal data may be
provided by you to the extent that you wish to benefit from the corresponding
functionality of the Services. Specifically, the following personal data are
processed:
•
Station Operators' personal data. During the station registration, operators
are offered the possibility to enter their station and/or webcam page's URL,
location and other details, as well as the station operator's name.
• The data and content posted through the weather station may be shared
with us and/or with other users of the Services or used only as private (i.e.
only accessible to users with specific link) depending on your setting of the
device in the course of its registration.
This data is provided by the operator if they wish to incorporate a station and
benefit from the respective functionalities of the Services. The processing legal
basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.

---
This service is only accessible to registered users (please see the information on how
we handle personal data during user account registration and social login in general
Chapters 2.6 and 2.7. Should you wish to use the API Services, you need to sign up and
generate your API key. In this case we process the following information, which may
qualify as your personal data:
3.4.1. API key_generating. To generate an API key, you will be required to provide the
URL of your project or ID of your application.
This data is provided by you to the extent that you wish to benefit from the
respective functionalities of our Services and to communicate with you in this
regard. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a
contract.

---
Services interaction. You may also choose to provide us with information,
some of which may be personal data, when you interact with the Services. The
processing of this data provides you with a better user experience. For further
details please see general Chapter 2.3 optional or additional information.

---
3.4.2. Automatically Collected Information. We automatically collect information
regarding you and your interactions with us, your use of the Services, as well as
information regarding your computer or other devices used to access the
Services. This information may include the traffic of your activities on the
Services; IP address from where the API request originated; and/or user
agent information.

---
4.1.
The personal data we collect within all Services is mainly disclosed to selected
employees of our Company. The access of these employees to your personal data is
limited and these employees may access your personal data only to the extent
necessary to carry out the obligations arising from their work.

---
4.2. Personal data collected with regard to purchases you make in our Services
(subscription) is controlled by third parties based on agreements we have concluded
with such parties. These service providers have their own privacy policies addressing
how they use such information and correspond with the GDPR. In the case that the
third party shares certain data with us that might be considered personal, we are the
controller of your personal data and process it on the legal basis of our legitimate
interest to know the identity of the purchaser, e.g. in the case of any complaints raised
by the purchaser about their subscription.

---
On our fan site, we only hear about you if the information is provided by the social
networking site or you personally, if you comment on or flag any of our articles or
content or send us a message. We do not enrich your information in any way with your
profile data on that network.

---
If you are user from outside of the Czech Republic, when you use our Services, your
personal data will be transferred as follows:
• Recipient (Contact Information): Windyty, SE (dataprotection@windy.com)
• Country to which it is transferred: Czech Republic
•
•
Date, time and method of transfer: Transmitted through network at the point of
service use
Items of personal information transferred: All your personal information created
and collected during your use of the service (as described in Chapter 2 “Services
we provide and the general scope of processing of personal data" and Chapter 3
"Processing of personal data within the individual Services")

---
5.1.
We only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with the
Services and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as analyzing the
performance of the Services, making data-driven business decisions about new
features in our Services. We never use for these business purposes personal data
which are older than four years since they were collected (relates to both registered as
well as non-registered users), or, in the case of registered users, older than one year
from deleting user account (whichever period is longer). We may use older data for
analytical and statistical purposes after they are anonymized. We might also store your
personal data for the period necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations, and
protecting our legal interests.

---
5.2. We retain your personal data for the life of your user account. You may discontinue your
account anytime via “Edit Profile" (on the Community webpage) or "My Profile” (within
other Services).

---
7.1.1.
Right to access your personal data. You have the right to access personal
data about you that we have collected. You can do so by contacting us using
the contact details indicated below.

---
7.1.2. Right to rectification of personal data. You have the right to request that we
rectify or amend incorrect or incomplete personal data about you that we have
collected. You can do so by contacting us using the contact details indicated
below.

---
7.1.3. Right to erasure of personal data. You have the right to request that we erase
all of your personal data that we have collected during your use of our Services.

---
7.1.5. Right to portability of your personal data. You have the right to request that
we give you the personal data that you have provided to us if such data has
been processed based on your consent or based on a contract concluded with
us and such personal data has been processed by automated means. If you
make such request, we will provide you with all of your personal data that we
collected in a structured machine-readable form. You are also entitled to
request that we transfer such personal data to a new controller if it is
technically possible.