Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which myTuner collects, uses, maintains, and discloses
information collected from users (each, a "User") of myTuner Mobile Applications ("Apps"). This privacy
policy applies to the Apps and all products and services offered by myTuner, including its website. myTuner
is a registered trademark of AppGeneration - Software Technologies, Lda. (company and VAT number 509
442 137, with seat at Av. da Boavista, 848, 4100-112 Porto -Portugal)

---
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including when Users visit
our apps, register on the apps, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we
make available on our apps. Users may voluntarily log in via an email address or a partner login system,
Google, Apple, or Facebook authentication systems. This will be used to track user personal data across
multiple devices and be able to sync user information such as favorites, recent, and browsing history in
order to improve suggested new content inside the app. When the Users log in with Facebook we collect
their public profile (name and user ID) as well as their email. Users may be contacted via email in order to
get further improvements on their experience with our service. Users may also use our apps anonymously.
Users can always refuse to supply personal data and may revoke their consent at any time by sending an
email to us asking to delete their information - help@mytuner.mobi.

---
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal
information may include the browser name, location, the type of device and OS version, and other technical
information such as means of connection to our apps. We also collect information, such as anonymous
usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use myTuner.

---
Advertising - When you see ads in our apps, we may share your Advertising ID and IP address with our
advertising partners. Our advertising partners may also collect information directly from our apps through
technologies such as software development kits (SDKs). In each case, they may use your data for a number
of purposes, including to limit the number of times you see an ad or to personalize the ads you see to make

---
[PAGE BREAK]
them more relevant to you (for example, based on the past activity they have associated with your
Advertising ID). For more information, please refer to the privacy policies of our advertising partners listed
here.

---
Third-Party Partners
Outlogic: https://outlogic.io/privacy-policy/
When this app is in use (or running in the background) we collect and share with our business partners the
following device and location data: Precise location data of the device, WiFi signals or Bluetooth Low Energy
devices in your proximity, device-based advertising identifiers, app names and/or identifiers, and information
about your mobile device such as type of device, operating system version and type, device settings, time
zone, carrier, and IP address.

---
That data may be used for the following purposes: (a) to customize and measure ads in apps and other
advertising; (b) for app and user analytics; (c) for disease prevention, and cybersecurity; (d) for market, civic
/ government or other research regarding aggregated human foot and traffic patterns, and (e) to generate
proprietary pseudonymized identifiers tied to the information collected for the above purposes.

---
The information we collect, including device data and identifiers and precise location data, may be shared
with third parties including advertising and data companies, brands, and analytics, non-profit, financial,
government and research organizations and other businesses that do location-based analytics (and their
service providers).”

---
Cookies
myTuner may use cookies in order to help facilitate your experience. These, if you allow their use, store small
amounts of data on your device when you visit a website/use an app. This is done in order to pursue
legitimate interests.

---
Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. myTuner may use both session
cookies (which disappear after you close your browser) and persistent cookies (used by your browser on
subsequent visits).

---
Third parties that advertise goods or services in our App or website may also use cookies to track your use
of the Service. We advise you to check the privacy policies of these Advertisers for information about their
cookie usage and other privacy practices. Advertisers may also use cookies to track your online activities
across websites over time to provide interest-based advertising.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
myTuner uses Google Analytics/Firebase. If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information
about your use of the Service, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser
(https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

---
How we use collected information
myTuner collects and uses information for the following purposes:
* To improve customer service: The information you provide helps us respond to your customer service
requests and support needs more efficiently.
* To provide user and other support, including to our third-party business partners.
* To carry out other specific purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
* To send periodic emails on company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any
time the User would like to unsubscribe, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each
email or the User may contact us via email.

---
You can get more information about data collection control and opt-out at www.aboutads.info

---
Low Lag Labs (Connectivity Insights)
We've partnered with Low Lag Labs to help provide users with better connectivity and in-app experience on
wireless networks (because nobody likes laggy internet). Low Lag Labs may collect data relating to network
performance (including location and identifiers such as network names, resettable ID, BSSID, IP Address,
and other access point information) for the purposes of providing us app performance analytics and
connectivity insights, and to support the creation of aggregated reports or anonymized insights for the
telecom ecosystem. Low Lag Labs does not sell personal data. You can learn more at
lowlaglabs.com/privacy-policy. This data is only collected if you consent, and you may opt-out at any time
via our in-app opt-out options.

---
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect
against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username,
password, transaction information, and data stored on our apps.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
* To stop the collection of Location Information on iOS mobile devices, disable the location services feature
on the settings of your device.
* To prevent the collection of Location Information on Android devices disable Bluetooth and Location.
* On iOS devices you can opt out of any interest-based advertising. Go to Settings. Privacy, Advertising, and
then click on "Limit Ad-tracking". When you have opted out of using this setting on a device, advertisers will
not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that
are targeted based on your inferred interests

---
Changes to this privacy policy
myTuner has the discretion to update this privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the
updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any
changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You
acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become
aware of modifications.

---
In case you want to delete the information collected you will just need to send us an email asking to delete
your information using - help@mytuner.mobi, mentioning your login ID. You can use the same address in
order to get assistance in changing the privacy settings or revoking certain consents you issued.