1. INTRODUCTION
Dashverse Corp is an entity registered in the United States of America. We are
engaged in the business of providing, managing, operating and hosting a digital
platform, under the brand Dashtoon that allows users to create, read and share
digital comics. We are committed to ensuring that privacy of our clients, visitors,
and other users of the website at https://www.dashtoon.com or any other website,
mobile version of the Website or mobile application of Dashverse Corp or any of its
affiliates or licensees (collectively, the “Website”) is always respected. In this
Policy, "Dashtoon”, “we”, or “us” refers to Dashverse Corp and its affiliates,
successors and assigns, and “you” refers to a user who has provided any
information including Personal Information (as defined below) and using any
features therein.

---

The protection and security of your Personal Information and Usage Information
(as defined below) is one of our top priorities. This Privacy Policy discloses and
explains how we collect, use, share and protect Personal Information, Usage
Information or any other information about you. We also provide information
regarding how you can access and update your Personal Information and make
certain choices about how your Personal Information is used by us. This Privacy
Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline)
or from other sources.

---

This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Dashtoon
when you access the Website, how the information will be used, and how you can
control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or
share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The
use of information collected through our Website shall be limited to the purposes
under this Privacy Policy.

---

2. INFORMATION COLLECTION BY DASHTOON
2.1 Data Controller and Data Processor:
Dashtoon controls, collects, owns and directs the use of the Personal Information
and Usage Information on its Website and Dashtoon is the data controller and data
processor as regards the Personal Information and Usage Information collected on
its Website. For any queries regarding this Privacy Policy and the collection and use
of data collected or processed under this Privacy Policy, you may write to us at the
e-mail address mentioned under Section 14 (Grievance Redressal)

---

2.2 Legal basis for collection and processing of Personal/Usage Information:
The legal basis for the collection and processing of any information collected and
processed by Dashtoon including the Personal Information is (i) your consent at
the time of providing the Personal Information; (ii) where it is in our legitimate
interests to do so and not overridden by your rights (for example, in some cases
for direct marketing, fraud prevention, network and information systems security,
responding to your communications, the operation of networks of groups by the
network administrators, and improving our Website). In some cases, we may also
have a legal obligation to collect information about you, or may otherwise need the
information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. We may also
process information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract.

---

2.3 Basic Information
Dashtoon may ask you to provide certain categories of information such as
personal information, which is information that could reasonably be used to
identify you personally, such as your name, company address, e-mail address, date
of birth and mobile number (“Personal Information”), when you access the
Website, in order to provide you with the relevant information requested.
Additionally, we may collect this information through various forms and in various
places through the Website, including when you first register with us, when you
create a transaction, when you contact us, when you update your information or
from time to time or when you otherwise interact with us. Dashtoon may include
registration, surveys, and other online forms where users will need to provide
Personal Information.

---

2.4 Additional Information
2.4.1 Cookies:
Dashtoon may use a standard “cookie” browser application feature to collect and
understand website usability trends. Cookies are text files that we may place in
your computer browser to store your preferences. Cookies are used to record
various aspects of your visit and assist us in providing you with uninterrupted
products or services. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your
preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by
eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and display your
personalized content. However, no personal information identifying the user is
collected nor any data capture mechanism is employed. The user may change
browser settings to accept or reject cookies on personal preference. You have the
ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept
cookies, but you can usually modify the browser setting to decline cookies if you so
prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other
interactive features of the Website that may depend on cookies. If you choose to
accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have
accepted. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled
by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need
to be recreated. We process and keep all data for our own use and, if you wish to
opt out from tracking by Dashtoon you can do so by mailing us at the E-mail ID
mentioned in Section 18.2 (Customer Services).

---

2.4.2 Information Collected Automatically:
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to
submit to us, we may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively)
collect certain information whenever you access the Website (“Usage
Information”). This Usage Information may include the browser that you are using
and the URL that referred you to our Website, among other information. Usage
Information may be non-identifying or may be associated with you. Whenever we
associate Usage Information with your Personal Information, we will treat it as
Personal Information and the conditions relating to Personal Information under
this Privacy Policy will be followed. Traffic data, while anonymous, is gathered and
analysed for business needs.

---

2.4.3 Information Third Parties Provide About You:
We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you
through our Website with outside records from third parties obtained rightfully in
order to enhance our ability to serve you, tailor our content to you and offer you
opportunities to use such of our products or services that we believe may be of
interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from such third-party
sources with information we collect through the Website or through independent
research conducted by Dashtoon, with your consent. In these cases, we will apply
this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless otherwise
provided. We may process such information received from third parties for
legitimate commercial purposes or to enter into contractual obligations with you
or to fulfil certain contractual obligations or where you have requested third
parties to provide information about yourself to us

---

2.5 Processing of Data:
Dashtoon may also process any Personal Information or Usage Information
collected from you for legitimate commercial purposes including to provide you
with the requisite information requested. A list of uses of the Personal Information
and Usage Information collected is provided in Section 3 of this Policy (Use of
Information Collected). Dashtoon implements appropriate technical and
organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our
processing of information about individuals such as (i) only sharing and providing
access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to
confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis
wherever possible; (ii) using secure servers to store your information; (iii) verifying
the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting
them access to information; and (iv) using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software or
other similar encryption technologies to encrypt any payment transactions you
make on or via our website.

---

3. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
3.1 Business Purposes:
Dashtoon does not share any Personal Information with any third party without
your consent, except when directed by the law. Dashtoon can use this data to
verify user identity in line with engagement initiated by the user. We will
communicate with you using the contact information provided by you in order to
respond to any queries that you may have and to provide any information that you
may request regarding the Products or services. We may communicate with you
either by written, physical communication, email, telephone, SMS or via
notifications on your mobile device. We may also send strictly product or service-
related announcements to you periodically and when it is necessary to do so. For
instance, if our products or services are temporarily suspended for maintenance,
we might send you an email, text message, flash notification or telephone call. If
you do not wish to receive such alerts, you have the option to unsubscribe from
such emails by writing to us at the E-mail ID mentioned in Section 18.2(Customer
Services).

---

We may use Personal Information or Usage Information collected through the
Website in the following ways:
To operate and improve our Website and the tools associated with the Website;
To create aggregated and anonymized information to determine which Website
features are most popular and useful to users, and for other statistical analyses;
To prevent, discover and investigate violations of this Privacy Policy or the Terms
and Conditions, and to investigate fraud or other matters;
To customize the content or the products or services on the Website for you, or
the communications sent to you through the Website.
To help provide you with the products or services on the Website;

---

To observe, improve and administer the quality of products or services on the
Website;
To analyze how the Website is used, diagnose technical problems;
Remember the basic information provided by you for effective access;
To confirm your identity in order to determine your eligibility to use the Website
and avail of the products or services;
To notify you about any changes to the Website;
To enable Dashtoon to comply with its legal and regulatory obligations;
For the purpose of sending administrative notices, products or service-related
alerts and other similar communication with a view to optimizing the efficiency of
the Website;
Doing market research, troubleshooting, protection against error, project planning,
fraud and other criminal activity; and
To reinforce Dashtoon's Terms of Use available at -
https://www.dashtoon.com/terms-and-conditions

---

3.2 Anonymous:
We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregated user statistics and
log data, with our business partners for industry analysis, demographic profiling,
to deliver targeted advertising about other products or products or services, or for
other business purposes. This information is solely used to analyze the company
website and understand usage statistics, as mentioned above, is anonymous. The
company may share this data with its business partners on an anonymous basis.
We do not sell, share, rent or trade the information we have collected about you,
including Personal Information, other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy or
at the time you provide your information. We do not share your Personal
Information with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes
unless you consent to such sharing at the time you provide your Personal
Information.

---

3.3 Administrative and Legal Reasons:
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties
to enforce and comply with the law. Thus, we may access, use, store, transfer and
disclose your information (including Personal Information), including disclosure to
third parties such as government or law enforcement officials or private parties as
we reasonably determine is necessary and appropriate: (i) to satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, governmental requests or legal process; (ii) to protect the safety,
rights, property or security of Dashtoon, our products or services, the Website or
any third party; (iii) to protect the safety of the public for any reason; (iv) to detect,
prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and /or (v) to
prevent or stop any activity we consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal,
unethical, or legally actionable activity. Such disclosures may be carried out
without notice to you.

---

5. DATA TRANSFER
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States of America or
any other country in which Dashtoon or its subsidiaries, affiliates or products or
service providers maintain facilities. Dashtoon may transfer information that we
collect about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities, or to other
third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other
countries or jurisdictions around the world. These countries may have data
protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and, in some cases,
may not be as protective. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that
your information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

---

Any collection of Personal Information of children is intended to comply with
applicable law in each relevant jurisdiction, including the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act applicable in the United States of America. Dashtoon requires
parental consent before Personal Information belonging to children is submitted
or collected unless the information concerned falls within an exception recognized
under applicable law. Dashtoon does not make Personal Information collected
from children publicly available nor do we enable children to do so on the Website.
A child's participation in any activity or service contained on the Website is not
conditional upon disclosure of more Personal Information than reasonably
necessary to participate in such activity or service.

---

Parents may contact us at the E-mail ID mentioned in Section 18.2 (Customer
Services) to review, update or delete any of their children's Personal Information
and to elect for us not to collect any additional Personal Information from their
children. We will not change how we handle previously collected information
without providing notice and obtaining parental consent wherever necessary.

---

8. SECURITY
This website, in compliance with applicable norms, has a number of security
measures to ensure there is no loss, misuse or illegal alteration of information
collected from its users. Personal Information and Usage Information we collect is
securely stored within our databases, and we use standard, industry-wide,
commercially reasonable security practices for protecting your information.
However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is
impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we
guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being
transmitted to us over the Internet or wireless communication and any
information you transmit to Dashtoon you do at your own risk. If, despite our best
efforts, an unauthorised breach of our security measures occurs, resulting in the
unauthorised access, duplication, removal or alteration of any Personal
Information, Third Party Information, or Usage Information, Dashtoon, its
directors, officers, employees, promoters, or affiliates will not be held responsible
for any loss resulting from such breach

---

11. CHANGE OF INFORMATION AND CANCELLATION
OF ACCOUNT
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to
us, such as your contact information provided as part of account registration. If
your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer desire to access the
Website, you may correct, delete inaccuracies, or amend information by contacting
us through at the E-mail ID mentioned in Section 18.2 (Customer Services) and we
shall endeavor to respond within 72 (seventy two) hours of receipt of
communication.

---

15. CONSENT
By consenting to the terms under this Privacy Policy, you are expressly granting
Dashtoon the right to collect, share, transfer, store, retain, disseminate or use the
Personal Information/Usage Information collected by Dashtoon from your usage of
the Website in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. You may, at any
time, withdraw consent for the collection or processing of Personal
Information/Usage Information by sending an email at the E-mail ID mentioned in
Section 18.2 (Customer Services). Dashtoon shall endeavor to reply, shall within 72
(seventy two) hours delete or anonymize the data collected from you.

---

1.1 Access the categories and specific pieces of personal data Dashtoon has
collected, the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected, the
business purpose(s) for collecting the personal data, and the categories of third
parties with whom Dashtoon has shared personal data;

---

1.3 Opt out of the “sale of personal data. We do not sell your personal data in the
conventional sense. However, like many companies, we use advertising services
that try to tailor online ads to your interests based on information collected via
cookies and similar technologies about your online activity. This is called interest-
based advertising. The CCPA’s statutory definition of the term “sale” is broad and
may include interest-based advertising

---

1.7 Under the CCPA, only you or an authorized agent may make a request related
to your personal data. Note that to respond to your requests to access or delete
personal data under the CCPA, we must verify your identity. We may do so by
requiring you to log into your Dashtoon account (if applicable), provide information
relating to your account (which will be compared to information we have, such as
profile information), give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury,
and/or provide additional information. You may designate an authorized agent to
submit your verified consumer request by providing written permission and
verifying your identity, or through proof of power of attorney.

---

1.3 Delete personal data provided or obtained about you, subject to certain
exceptions laid out in the VCDPA;

---

1.4 Obtain a copy of your personal data that they previously provided to Dashtoon
in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format;

---

1.3 Delete personal data provided or obtained about you, subject to certain
exceptions

---

1.4 Obtain a copy of your personal data that they previously provided to Dashtoon
in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format;