Dramaton Ltd., a company registered in Israel with its office located at 8 Balfour Street,
Tel Aviv Israel 6521118 and our registration number is : 515592095 (“Dramaton”, “us”
“we”, “our”) are committed to maintaining the privacy of our users (“user”, “you”). We
are the data controller under applicable privacy laws. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy
Policy") describes how we collect and process your Personal Information (as defined
below). When you use our website at www.dramaton.com (“Website”) or one of our
mobile game applications (“App”). When you use the Mobile Games or the Website
(collectively, the “Game”), you accept our rules and policies which describe how we
handle your Personal Information, and you understand we collect, process, use and store
your Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
---
• What information, including Personal Information, we collect and how and why we
collect it.
---
Revisions and Modifications to our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we
make a material change to this policy that affects the way we intend to collect, use or
share personal information we will post notice at the top of this policy prior to making the
change. If we have your contact information on record, we will also use that to notify you
of the change before it is made.
---
The U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and the regulations
implementing it (the “COPPA Rule”), require that we inform parents and legal guardians
about how we collect, use, and disclose Personal information from children under 13
years of age (“child” or “children”), and that we obtain the consent of parents and
guardians in order for children to use certain features of our App, when we use the term
“parent” below, we mean to include legal guardians. Dramaton has developed this App to
be an enjoyable experience for our users, including children. We recognize the need to
provide further privacy protections with respect to Personal Information that we may
collect from children on our Apps and structured the features to minimize the requirement
to collect Personal Information, and to maximize your control over the collection, use and
disclosure of any Personal Information.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Types of Information we collect
We automatically collect information about you when you use our Apps and when you
use the activities available in the apps. Some of this information is non-personal and
includes your session durations, the content you accessed on our Apps, the frequency
and scope of your use of the Apps and information about your Device and internet
connection including the operating system you use.
We also collect the following personal information to help us learn more about how you
use the app, the ads you interact with in the app or make a purchase in the app:
• Device ID
• Advertising IDs (IDFA, AAID/GAID, IDFV)
• IP Address
•
Dramaton user ID
---
Dramaton does not use this personal information for any other purpose except as
described and will not share personal information collected from a child with any other
third parties. In the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a
manner inconsistent with applicable laws requirements, we will either delete the
information or immediately seek the parent's consent for that collection.
---
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
Dramaton Ltd is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor
certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital
properties listed on the certification page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal.
PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's
personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA safe harbor certification Seal
posted on this page indicates Dramaton Ltd has established COPPA compliant privacy
practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO's oversight and consumer dispute
resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please
contact us at privacy@dramaton.com. If you have further concerns after you have
contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.
---
Service providers used in relation to children
Dramaton uses restricted versions of service providers in our apps to help provide you
with the best experience possible. Personal information collected by these service
providers is not used for any other purpose other than outlined and is not shared with any
other third parties.
We use the following ad networks in our apps. These ad networks may collect an IP
address, advertising ID and device ID to serve contextual ads and for ad frequency
capping.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• Chartboost
•
Digital Turbine
• Google AdMob and Ad Manager
• IronSource
• KIDOZ
•
Unity
• Liftoff (formerly Vungle)
• Mintegral
• SuperAwesome
---
In addition, our Apps may display contextual advertisements served by SuperAwesome
Trading Limited (“SuperAwesome”), a provider of kid-safe advertising services that are
designed specifically for the compliance requirements of younger audiences, including
those aged under the age of digital consent. SuperAwesome is certified as COPPA-
compliant by the kidSAFE Seal Program, an FTC-Approved COPPA Safe Harbor
Program. Please go to www.kidsafeseal.com for more information. SuperAwesome is a
valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board's
Privacy Certified Program (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). To protect your privacy,
SuperAwesome has voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative, and its services have
been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online
information collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy
program, SuperAwesome's services are subject to frequent audits and other enforcement
and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
SuperAwesome also provides advertising services in compliance with the General Data
Protection Regulation (EU 1996/679) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Adopting an approach of 'privacy by design and by default', SuperAwesome utilises
proprietary technologies so that it neither collects, stores nor shares your personal data
to provision advertisements or target advertising to you. SuperAwesome acts as a service
provider, as defined by the CCPA, and does not use data collected from children under
the age of 16 for any purpose other than to provide contextual advertising for our app.
You may contact SuperAwesome directly at privacy@superawesome.com or by post:
Privacy Team, SuperAwesome Trading Limited, Octagon Point, 5 Cheapside, London,
EC2V 6AA, United Kingdom.
---
We use Google Firebase for analytics to help learn more about how you use the app or
interact with our ads.
---
We work with AppsFlyer to help us better understand how our users interact with ads.
---
If you are the parent of a child who is under 13 years of age (or under another age
specified by applicable regulations) you may at any time, contact our customer service
department to access, change or delete the Personal Information that we have collected
from your child by emailing us at legal@dramaton.com
---
General privacy_policy.
Types of Information we collect automatically or that is generated about you when
you play the Games
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information collected
by Dramaton and through your use of our App. Some information may be automatically
collected, and some is collected when you interact with our App. The type of information
that may be automatically collected is non-personal information, which includes your
session durations, the content you accessed on the App, the frequency and scope of
your use of the App and information about your Device and internet connection including
the operating system you use and browser type.
---
Dramaton offer a variety of activities. We may collect Personal Information when you use
the App, including without limitation, to play our games or using game-related services,
watch advertisements within our App, make a purchase within our App, create user-
generated content, and share or contribute to social-media channels.
---
Information from which you can be personally identified such as your Device IP address,
device ID, advertising IDs, IDFVs and Dramaton specific ID may also be collected
(hereinafter: “Personal Information”). When anonymous information is directly or
indirectly associated with Personal Information, this anonymous information also is
treated as Personal Information.
---
User Generated Content and Content Sharing Feature
Certain activities on our App allow users to create or manipulate content and save it on
their Device, post the content publicly on social networks or share it with a third party for
the third party's own use. Examples of created content that may involve the collection of
Personal Information are:
• The ability to “Send Slime Gifts to Friends” feature, which can be loaded and
played on a third party's device. Gifts may be sent by clicking the gift icon and
sharing a gift link via 3rd party messaging and social apps.
• The ability to share images of slime from the app.
---
Please note that when you choose to share content through a third party platform such
as Facebook or WhatsApp, we will not continue to collect the information included in that
followed interaction. Also, any use of a third party platform will be subject to such third
party's terms and conditions and privacy policy practices.
---
Customer Support
We may use your or your child's information to send questions or requests to customer
support. If you reach out to us for support, we will use your Personal Information to open
a support ticket, respond once to your email and resolve your queries and complaints
and to facilitate support (e.g., retrieval of Game level). The Personal Information we
process when doing so includes your identifiers, Dramaton specific ID, where you are
located and any other information about you collected via our player support channels.
All support emails and user information will be deleted immediately after replying to the
user.
---
Geolocation Data
We may collect and store your Device's source IP address which may disclose the
location of your Device or take other applicable measures in order to disclose your
Device's location, all provided and subject to the App being installed on your Device.
Advertisements and certain content related to our App could be directed to you as a
result of this information.
---
Information We Obtain From Our Affiliates
Your Personal Information will be collected by our billing partners if you make an in-game
purchase. Please note that we only sell Dramaton in-app virtual items related to the
applicable App, and we don't sell or market any third-party products. If making such a
purchase, your credit card or other payment information will be collected and processed
by the third-party service provider (e.g., Google Play, Apple App Store), but will never be
passed on to us.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Use of Information
We use the Personal Information we collect from you for a range of different business
purposes according to different legal bases of processing. We may use or process your
Personal Information for one or more of the following purposes which may apply
simultaneously:
---
1. Providing the Requested Services:
• We collect Information to perform our contractual obligation towards you to allow
you to play the Games, we process necessary Information including Information
you provide to us when playing the Games, identifiers, information you generate
and display when playing the Games, information regarding your use of the Games
and information regarding your in Game purchases
• Such collection of information will enable us to allow you enjoy our apps app as
well as provide you with technical assistance, with regard to the App or your use of
the apps.
---
2. Improvement and Development of the App:
It is in our legitimate interest to improve our Games for our players. When doing so:
•
We collect Personal Information to improve, develop and understand feedback
regarding the App and to help provide more information on the use of the App
quickly and easily.
• We collect Personal Information for ongoing review and improvement of the
information provided on our App to ensure it is user friendly.
• We collect Personal Information to improve the management and administration of
our business and maintain compliancy with our internal policies and procedures.
• We and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we
have to evaluate and improve our App, develop new features, and conduct audits
and troubleshooting activities. We certainly research anonymous user data.
---
4. Personalize Content, Advertising and Marketing
• We do not provide for personalized content, advertising and marketing materials for
children under the age of 13, or users of unknown age.
• If you are not a child using our App, and you have used our App in the past, we
have a legitimate business interest for matching the data we collect with other data
we had already collected.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
In order to perform our contractual and other legal responsibilities or purposes, we may,
from time to time, need to share your Personal Information with third parties. We may
share your Personal Information with our affiliates, parent, subsidiaries or any third party
service providers and individuals to facilitate the services of our App or any portion
thereof, such as marketing, data management or maintenance services. We may also
share your information with analytics service providers for analytics services. Such
analytics service providers set their own cookies or other identifiers on your computer or
mobile device, through which they can collect information about your usage of our App.
This helps us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our App.
---
For users above the age of 13 we may disclose information to the following third parties:
• AppsFlyer for mobile measurement, fraud prevention and analytics. More
information at https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Contact: dataprotection@applovin.com
• Google for Google Firebase analytics (analytics) and Google Admob
(advertisement). More information can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Contact: data-protection-office@google.com
• Unity Technologies for analytics and advertisement purposes. More
information can be found at https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Contact: support@unity3d.com
• Meta (Facebook) for adsvertising. More information at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Contact: https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/507739850846588
• IronSource Mobile Ltd for advertising. More information at
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-
privacy-policy/
Contact: dpo@ironsrc.com
mobile-gdpr-request@ironsrc.com
• AppLovin Corporation for advertising. More information at
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Contact: privacy@appsflyer.com
• Liftoff (formerly Vungle), Inc. for advertising. More information at
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Contact: gdpr@liftoff.io
• Mintegral for advertising. More information
at https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Contact: privacy@mintegral.com
• Digital Turbine (formerly Fyber) for ads. More information at
https://www.digitalturbine.com/fyber-website-privacy-policy/
Contact: legal@fyber.com
• SuperAwesome for advertising. More information
at https://www.superawesome.com/privacy-hub/privacy-policy/
Contact: privacy@superawesome.com
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Where we Process your Personal Information
Our service is global by nature and your Information can be collected from players
anywhere in the world. Currently your Information is processed by our employees and
service providers in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the UK, Israel and the USA.
Israel and the UK are countries which the European Commission has decided offer an
adequate level of data protection. Because countries outside of the EEA may have
different data protection laws, we take steps to ensure that all transfers are protected by
adequate safeguards, including the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission.
---
5. Request the erasure of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, such as
where processing is no longer necessary for the purpose it was originally collected
for, and there is no compelling reason for us to continue to process or store it.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Generally, with regard to information collected on our App, Dramaton is a "Data
Controller". Therefore, if you wish to exercise the above mentioned rights, please contact
us, and we will make our best efforts to fulfill your request. Note that where the Personal
Information is held by a third party data controller, such as an advertising partner, we will
use reasonable steps to inform them of your request, but we recommend you contact
them directly in accordance with their own privacy policies to ensure your Information
containing personal data is erased.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
ADDENDUM 1 – CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The terms of this Addendum apply to residents of California under the California
Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and related applicable laws. Collection and Disclosure of
Personal Information Over the past 12 months, through your use of the Games, we may
have collected and disclosed the following categories of personal information, as defined
in the CCPA, from or about you:
• Identifiers, including IP address, device identifiers, advertising ID and Dramaton
specific ID. This information is collected directly from you or your device.
• Internet or other electronic network activity information, including your use of in-
game features and events and information on your in-game activity, and information
on your interactions with advertising shown in on our Games. This information is
collected from our selected third party analytics providers and advertising partners.
• Geolocation data, including city level location data. This information is collected
directly from your device.
---
We collect personal information for the following purposes:
• To operate and administer the Games;
• To improve the Games;
• To communicate with you;
• To serve advertising;
• For security and verification purposes, including to prevent and detect fraudulent
activity; and
• To address and remediate technical issues and bugs.
---
SALES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION [Do Not Sell My Personal Information]
Over the past 12 months, we have used third party advertising and other tracking
technologies on our Games to collect information about you, your device(s), and your use
of our Games. We share that information with selected third parties such as advertising
partners who use it to target advertisements to you online. To opt out of sale of personal
information please contact us at privacy@dramaton.com.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
•
Request we disclose to you, free of charge, the following information covering the
12 months preceding your request:
• the categories of personal information about you that we collected;
• the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
• the purpose for collecting personal information about you;
• the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about
you and the categories of personal information that was disclosed (if applicable)
and the purpose for disclosing the personal information about you; and
• the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you;
• Request we delete personal information we collected from you; and
---
Categories of personal information collected and processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, please refer to
the main portion of the privacy policy.