This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how Allevents Informations Private
Limited or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. ("We", "Us", "Our") Process Personal
Data collected from natural persons as specified in clause 2 below, as a Controller
("You").

---

If You do not agree to the collection and Processing of Your Personal Data, You are
free to not provide the Personal Data sought by Us for collection and Processing, in
which case You may not use Our Platform or Website for which the said Personal
Data was sought.

---

1.4"Process or Processed or Processing" means any operation or set of
operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data,
whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation,
structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use,
disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available,
alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

---

2.1 PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY US

| When You are a(n) | What Personal Data We Collect | How We use Your Personal Data | Whom We share Your Personal Data with |
|---|---|---|---|
| Users who access the Platform for buying tickets or filling out an event inquiry form or a coupon code. | Your contact information, such as Your full name, email address, telephone number, and other Sign-up information. | • Creation of a User account, verification of a User's identity and help a User log into Our Platform. <br> • To communicate to a User any updates on the Platform which may be of interest to such User. <br> • To market events based on your interests, city of preference, etc. <br> • To Process any transaction during the sale of the tickets. | Third-party partners who assist Us in providing Our Platform to You. |
| User/ Organiser | Information You have provided as part of any feedback, comment, inquiry, or survey. | To improve Our Services | Third parties whc assist Us in providing these services. |
| Page or events on Our Platform. | portal, Your contact information, such as email, and phone number. In addition to this Your financial information such as Your bank account information, Your paypal account information, or any third-party payment account information | an event page, verification of the Organisers' identity and to help an Organiser log into Our Platform. <br> • To inform, promote and market Our Platform to You. <br> • Financial information collected shall only be used for any payment or billing purposes or taxation purposes. | providing Our Platform to You. |

---

2.2 PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT NOT PROVIDED DIRECTLY BY YOU

| When You are a(n) | What Personal Data We Collect | How We use Your Personal Data | Whom We share Your Personal Data with |
|---|---|---|---|
| Website visitor | • Your usage of Our Website(s) or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks or other identifiers <br> • As described in clause 9. | • For market analysis, and market research <br> • To protect the Our data from threats, violations, and breaches if any. <br> • To inform, promote Our Platform to You. | Third-party partners who provide Us with services in connection with such Processing. |
| on the Platform using their social media or any other third-party sign-on services. | account information that you have made public on such social media accounts. | verification of Users' identity and help Users log on to our Platform. <br> • To inform, promote and market our Platform based on Users' interests in compliance with applicable laws. <br> • To communicate with the user regarding the existing platform or to notify them about any alerts or updates via Email, SMS, WhatsApp, or RCS. | |
| User or Organiser who uses and interacts with Our Platform | • Your device type, and the operating system version. <br> • Your usage of Our Platform, like types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency and duration of your activities, some of which may qualify as Personal Data. | • To evaluate, develop and improve Our Platform <br> • For market analysis, product analysis and market research. <br> • To provide support in connection with Your queries | |
| third-party sources share with Us without breach of any confidentiality clause and in accordance with applicable law, or (b) is available on public platforms. | as Your full name, email address, phone number, designation, and business name. We may combine this information with any Personal Data provided by You. | records and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may interest You. | assist Us in such Processing. |

---

2.3lf You provide Us with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, You
represent that You have the authority to do so, and where required, have
obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. If You believe that Your Personal Data has
been provided to Us improperly, please contact Us by using the information in
clause 12 below.

---

3. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING (EEA REGION)
3.1lf You are a data subject from the European Economic Area, Our legal basis for
collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the
Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which We collect it.

---

3.2We will normally collect Personal Data from You only where it needs it to perform
a contract with You, where the Processing is in Our legitimate interests and not
overridden by Your data protection interests or fundamental rights and
freedoms, or where We have Your consent. In some cases, We may also have a
legal obligation to collect Personal Data from You. If We Process Personal Data
with reliance on Your consent, You may withdraw Your consent at any time.>

---

3.3lf You have questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on
which We collect and use Your Personal Data, please contact Us using the
contact details provided under clause 12.

---

5. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
5.1We retain Personal Data collected where an ongoing legitimate business
requires retention of such Personal Data.

---

6. SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
6.1We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the
Personal Data that We collect and Process. The measures We use are designed
to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of Processing Your Personal
Data. If You have questions about the security of Your Personal Data, please
contact Us immediately as described in this Policy.

---

7.2lf We have collected and Processed Your Personal Data with Your consent, then
You can withdraw Your consent at any time. Withdrawing Your consent will not
affect the lawfulness of any Processing We have conducted prior to Your
withdrawal, nor will it affect Processing of Your Personal Data conducted in
reliance on lawful Processing grounds other than consent.

---

7.3You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about Our
collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, please contact
Your local data protection authority as specified by the applicable data
protection laws.

---

8. NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:
8.1Clause 8 applies only to California residents and the Personal Information We
collect as Business. "CCPA" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018 as amended by the CPRA. "CPRA" means the California Privacy Rights
Act. For the purposes of this section, the terms "Business", "Business
Purpose", "Consumer" "Personal Information", "Sale/Sell", "Service
Provider" and "Sensitive Personal Information" and "Share" shall have the
meaning given to them under the CCPA.

---

8.2The categories of Personal Information We have collected in the twelve (12)
months prior to the Effective Date and that We may collect include:
a.Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account
name, social security number, passport number, or other similar identifiers;
b.Signature, physical characteristics or description, telephone number, bank
account number, credit card number, debit card number or any other
financial information, medical information or health insurance information;
c.Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law such
as gender and date of birth;
d.Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not
limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a
consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or
advertisement;
e.
f.
Geolocation data;
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.

---

(13) Dut less than sixteen (16) years without receiving such minor's consent or
the consent of the minor's guardian if the minor is less than thirteen (13) years.
We have not Sold or Shared any personal information in the twelve (12) months
prior to the Effective Date. We shall not disclose further the personal information
collected for verification of a consumer's request or retain it longer than it is
necessary for the purpose of verification.

---

8.4.1 You can request Us to disclose details, and categories of Your Personal
Information collected by Us;

---

8.4.2You can request Us to disclose Your Personal Information collected
twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, this right shall apply only
to personal information collected after January 1, 2022.

---

9. COOKIE POLICY
9.1 Cookies are text files that are placed on Your computer to collect standard
internet log information and visitor behaviour information by Us. When You visit
the Website(s), We may collect Personal Data automatically from You through
cookies or similar technology. We also set cookies to collect information that is
used either in aggregate form to help Us understand how our Website(s) are
being used or how effective Our marketing campaigns are, to help customise
the Website(s) for You or to make advertising messages more relevant to You.

---

9.2Essential Cookies: We set essential cookies that enable core functionality such
as security, network management, and accessibility. You may not opt-out of
these cookies. However, You may disable these by changing Your browser
settings, but this may affect how the Website(s) functions.

---

use it. The cookies collect information in a way that does not airectly identity
anyone.

---

10. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
10.1We recognize the importance of children's safety and privacy. We do not
request, or knowingly collect, any Personal Data from children under the age of
16 without the consent given or authorized by the parent or guardian of the
child. Parents or guardians can revoke the consent previously made and
review, edit, or delete the Personal Data of children for whom they provided
consent. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has
provided Us with Personal Data without their consent, they should write to us
at the email address provided in clause 12.

---

11. NOTICE TO USER AND OTHER EXCLUSIONS
11.1Where the Personal Data of Users are collected by the Organiser on their event
page, that Organiser is the Controller of such Personal Data. For the additional
information collected by Organisers on their brand page, Users' data privacy
questions and requests should be submitted to the Organiser in its capacity as
the Users' Controller. We are not responsible for Organisers' privacy or security
practices or the data retention period which may be different from this notice.
Organisers of Our Platform are solely responsible for establishing policies for
and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, as well as
any and all privacy policies, agreements, or other obligations, relating to the
collection of Personal Data in connection with the use of their brand page by
the Users.

---

11.4Website(s) use and transfer to any other app of information received from
Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy
(https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy), including
the Limited Use requirements.