Protecting your privacy is important to us. We collects your information in order to provide you with better service
and user experience. This Privacy Policy contains important information on how and why we collect, store, use,
and share your personal information. It also explains your rights in relation to your personal information and how
to contact us. Before using or continuing to use our products and services, please read carefully and fully
understand this policy.

---

We do not collect personal information which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or
billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information. However, We may use
personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our
products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you've
participated in.

---

1. Key permissions and information we use
● Read your contacts
When the phone receives an incoming call, you need to read the phone contact to ensure that the application can be
used normally.
Purpose : When the phone calls, the screen of the call show can be displayed normally.

---

• Camera
When you want to use the flash function, you will be asked to turn on the camera permission. The camera
permission is to increase the flash when you call.
Purpose: Turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.

---

• Read phone status
When you receive an incoming call, you can judge the incoming call status by identifying the mobile phone status
identification, and display the call flash you set.
Purpose: Identify phone incoming call status

---

• Third-Party Analytics related
To improve our products and services we may use third-party analytics tools such as Google Firebase Analytics
/Flurry to help us analyze usage trends for the services. These tools will track the information on how you use our
App. In such cases, we will only process anonymized data.
Purpose: To improve products and services by conducting statistical analysis or other reserch activities to
optimieze the features and provide you with new function.

---

• Third-Party Advertising related
We may allow the third-party online advertising network such as Google Admob and Facebook ads to collect
information about your use of our App over time for playing or displaying ads that may be of interest to you.
To personalize the content of promotional communications relating to products and services offered by third
parties on Google AdMob. You can find more information on how Google AdMob processes your personal data by
visiting Google's Privacy & Terms.

---

Advertisement platform - To get and display ads
Admob https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
MoPub https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
Inmobi https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
A4G https://www.a4g.com/privacy
Smaato https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Applovin https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Analytics platform -To Analyze application date
Google Analytics https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html/
Firebase https://firebase.google.com/terms/
Flurry https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm

---

• Information We Use
We provide you with a set of Services that we improve with the information we collect:
(1) Provide and deliver the products, services, and functionality that you request, process transactions, and send
you related information;
(2) Monitor and analyze trends and usage;
(3) Develop, improve, and refine products, Services, and functionality;
(4) Personalize the Services by providing advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or interests

---

2. Protection Information Security
We will not collect, access, store and use your private content and sensitive permissions without your permission.

---

• Provide you with information we collect about you.

---

7. Protection of Children
The app is not intended for anyone under the age of 13,We respect the privacy of children under the terms of
Privacy Policy. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or
knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children
under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age
13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might
have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us with email.

---

• California resident
If you are a California resident, you have the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and
California Privacy Rights Act.
You have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months,
including sources, purpose of collection, and third parties we have shared it with.

---

3) We do not sell your personal information. We do allow our advertising partners to collect certain device
identifiers and electronic network activity via our app to show ads that are based on your interests. If you prefer to
limit this activity, your device may include a feature'Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads' or 'Opt Out of Ads
Personalization' on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile
apps used for interest-based advertising purposes.

---

10. Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact
at [zongwang829@gmail.com]. Please be sure to include your name, address and email address in any
correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.