1. Introduction
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Your privacy and trust are very important to us, and it is our
commitment to being transparent about the use of collected information. This policy applies to the apps, websites, sites, and related
services and contents we provide (collectively “Services”). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes our policies and procedures
on the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of your Personal Data (defined below) in connection with our Services, and sets out
your choices and rights in relation to that Personal Data . For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Policy does not apply to other
products or services that display or reference a different privacy policy.

---

Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to data collected or received by us through your use of our Services. It dose not apply
to, and we are not responsible for, the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, their use of data you
provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of,
endorsement of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.

---

By using our Services you confirm you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and agree to the processing of your
Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR
PERSONAL DATA IN THE WAY THIS PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBES, PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE YOUR
PERSONAL DATA WHEN REQUESTED AND STOP USING OUR SERVICES.

---

[SECTION: 2. Age restrictions]
STARY is not intended for children under the age of 13 (“Children”). Children must not use Services for any purpose. STARY will
never knowingly solicit or accept personally identifiable information or other content from a user or visitor who STARY knows is
under 13 years of age. If STARY discovers that a user under 13 years of age has created an account, or that a user or visitor under 13
years of age has posted personally identifiable information or other content to the Services, STARY will terminate the account and
remove the information or other content as soon as commercially practicable.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

If you believe that we have Personal Data about or collected from a child under the relevant age, please contact us at support-
dreame@stary.com.

---

[SECTION: 3. The types of personal data we collect]
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our Services. We use such information to operate, develop
and improve our services, from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like
which advertisements you'll find most useful, the author who matter most to you online or which stories you might like.

---

The information we collect depends on how you use our Services and the choices you make. When you interact with our Services, we
may collect information that could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”), and information stored in a manner that cannot
be linked back to you ("Non-Personal Data").

---

We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our Services, including information you
provide directly to us, third-party data sources, information collected automatically by us, and data we infer or generate from the
foregoing. More information about the categories and sources of information is provided below.

---

Information you provide to us
• Profile data
If you access or use our Services as a registered user, we will collect certain information that you provide to us in relation to
your account (typically your username, nickname, age, email address, password and profile photo).
• Payment information
We may collect your payment information if you are a paying customer. This information is required to complete a commercial
transaction on our Services. We use this information to enable and fulfill your transaction. If you choose to use any third-party's
service to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to the third-party. The privacy policy
of the third-party will apply to the information you provide on its website.
Surveys
If you choose to participate in our survey, we may request certain information (including Personal Data and Non-Personal Data)
from you. The purpose of the survey and the identity of the service provider providing the survey (if we engaged a service
provider), will be notified to you prior to you completing the survey. The processing of your data in this case will be based on
the your consent, which shall be granted from time to time in relation to each survey.
• Contact information
If you provide feedback or contact us, or otherwise provide information voluntarily to us, our employees, or our contractors, you
contact information, any information you voluntarily provide and any associated data will be collected by us as well.

---

Information from third parties
Social Networks
If you choose to register to use our Services with a social networking credential, such as with a third-party account (e.g.
Facebook, Google, Apple), we will ask permission to access basic information from that account, such as your name, age, email
address and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID,

---

[PAGE BREAK]

access token and the referring URL. You can stop sharing that information with us at any time by removing our access to that
account.
• Advertisers and Advertising Networks
We may collect information about you from third party advertisers and advertising networks. For more information on how you
can control such information from third party advertisers and advertising networks, please refer to Section 6 and Section 12.

---

Information we collect automatically
• Identifers and device information
When you use any of our Services, we will automatically collect certain information about you, including your browser type
(e.g. Chrome, Safari) and language, time zone setting, locale settings (country and preferred language), the date and time of your
query, cookie data, device identifiers, including iOS Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV),
Android Advertising ID, and information about your device, including the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g.
iOS or Android), carrier name, screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time.
We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our Services, including your Internet
Protocol address, crash reports, system activity and the date, time and referrer URL of your request.
• Usage data
We automatically log your activity on our Services, including data relating to different app events (e.g. app activation, clicks,
purchases, downloads, plays, reads, book ratings, usage duration, bookmarks, bookshelf and thoughts management, sharing and
searches, including searches for books or keywords), purchase history, top-up records, bonus information, book feedback,
analysis and improvement settings, and other details about your use of and actions on our Services.

---

Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices.

---

Non-Personal Data
Non-Personal Data refers to data that cannot be used to identify an individual. Examples of Non-Personal Data include statistics on
website visits, application downloads, and product sales volume. We will collect statistics information to understand how users use our
Services. By doing so, we can improve our Services to better meet your requirements.

---

We keep your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data separate, and use each independently. Circumstances may arise where we collect, use,
disclose, and transfer Non-Personal Data for other purposes at our own discretion. For example, we may share the Non-Personal Data with
advertisers or publicly to show trends about the general use of our Services.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

• To combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes.

---

• For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.

---

[SECTION: 5. Cookies and other technologies]
We use cookies, mobile IDs and other similar technologies (“Cookies”), such as web beacons, to provide, protect, and promote our
Services. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, including for security and fraud prevention purposes,
tell us which parts of our Services people have visited or used, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements
and site or application searches.

---

A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. Cookie can remain
on your device for different periods of time. Some cookies are “session cookies", meaning that they exist only while your browser or
the application is open. These are deleted automatically once you close your browser or application. Other cookies are “permanent
cookies", meaning that they survive after your browser or application is closed. The cookies can be used by our Services to recognize
your device when you open and use our Services again.

---

Mobile analytics and advertising IDs are generated by operating systems for mobile devices (iOS and Android) and can be accessed
and used by apps in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. Our Services contains software that enables our third-
party analytics and advertising partners to access the mobile IDs.

---

We, our analytics and/or advertising partners, use Cookies to improve our Services quality and better understand how people interact
with us, for example:

---

[PAGE BREAK]

• Verify log-in information.
• Track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Services.
· Understand the total number of visitors to our Services on an ongoing basis and the types of devices.
• Monitor the performance of our Services and continually improve it.
• Customize and enhance your online experience.
• Provide customer service to you.

---

You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. Upon accessing our site, you will be prompted to decide
whether to accept any cookies the use of which is subject to your consent (non-technical cookies), containing the link to this Cookie
Policy for further details, and you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However,
please note that if you choose to refuse cookies, your navigation experience may deteriorate and you may not be able to use
the full functionality of our Services.

---

[SECTION: 6. Who do we share your data with]
Third party Plug-ins
With third party applications and platforms, such as Facebook, Google, that give you the option to post information about your
activities on our Services to share with others within your network. This Policy does not apply to your use of any such third party
applications and services, and we are not responsible for how those third parties collect, use and disclose your information. We
encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services and to
learn more about their information and privacy practices.

---

Other users
Any information that you include in your publicly-visible STARY profile, which may include your profile ID, nickname, photo and
your personal introduction will be shared on our Services to all other users. If you participate in social features, such as chat, picture
and other electronic information you disclose may become publicly available. It may also be read, copied, collected, or used by other
users.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

Advertising.partners
We may allow third party advertisers and advertising networks to set technologies and other tracking tools to collect your information
described in Section 12 to enable the technical delivery of personalized advertisements to your device. If you do not want to receive
advertisements targeted to your interests from us, you can choose to disable personalized advertisements by going to Me > Settings >
Terms and Policy > Customized Ads Recommendation, and disable personalize advertisements. iOS and Android operating systems
also provide options to limit tracking and/or reset the advertising IDs (For more information about how to change these settings go to:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en, https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074). However, turning off
personalized advertisement function will limit our ability to deliver relevant advertisement to you but may not necessarily reduce the
number of advertisements you receive.

---

[SECTION: 7. Where do we store your data]
If you choose to use our service or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained
on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where your are located. It may also be processed by staff
operating outside your country who work for us, for one of our suppliers or one of our business partners. By submitting your
information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your
information is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy and applicable law.

---

[SECTION: 8. Security of your data]
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Services in a secure operation environment, however,
we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our system. We do not warrant
or represent that your information will be protected against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, since no method of transmission
over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

[SECTION: 12. Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Platforms]
STARY allows other companies, called third party advertisers and advertising networks, to serve advertisements within our
Services to deliver interest-based advertising to you about third party products and services. These third party advertisers and
advertising networks use technology to send the advertisements and links that appear on our Services directly to you. When you use
our Services, some third party tools (SDKs) integrated within our Services may collect and use certain information collected from
your device for the purpose of advertisement display and optimization. Such information includes device manufacturer, model, and
operating system, screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, carrier name, IDFV, IDFA or Android Advertising
ID, time zone setting, locale settings (country and preferred language) and IP address. They may also use other technologies (such as
cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure their advertisements' effectiveness and personalize the advertising content you see.
You can exercise choices over how we use your Personal Data and update your preferences at any time as described in Section 6.

---

You should consult these third party advertisers and advertising networks' respective privacy policies for more information on their
practices and instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the
activities of, such third party advertisers, advertising networks or websites. Any data obtained by third party advertisers and
advertising networks subsequently shared with us is maintained and dealt with by us under this Privacy Policy.