This Privacy Policy describes how Smart Remote Application. We handle personal information we collect about users of our website at
www.smartremotedev.com and our mobile applications (collectively, the "Service").

---
Personal Information We Collect

---
Information You Give Us
We collect personal information you give us, such as:
Account information: We collect personal information when you create an account, such as your email address and password, as well
as your phone number if you provide one to enable two-factor authentication or if you use our telephony service.
Account content: If you have a Service account, you can use and store different types of data in the Service, such as photos and videos,
files, messages and other content.
Transaction information: When you order paid versions of the Service, we collect information necessary to complete the transac-
tion, including your name, payment information and billing information.
Forum content: You may post messages and other content in help forums or message boards within the Service. This information is
stored within the Service and other users can see it.
Contact details: We collect the contact details you share with us when you
communicate with us, which may include your email address, phone number, postal address or social media handles.
Feedback and correspondence: You may share information with us when you respond to surveys, request customer support or oth-
erwise interact with us.
Contact details for parties you invite: If you decide to invite someone else to create an account on the Service, we will collect your
and the third party's names and email addresses to send an email and follow up with the third party. You or the third party may contact
us at service.smartremote@gmail.com to request deletion of the other party's information. By inviting someone else to use the Service,
you confirm that you have that person's permission to do so.

---
Device data: You may choose to give us permission to access certain data on or components of your device, such as your photos, con-
tacts, microphone and camera. You can always disable this access in your device's settings.

---
Information we collect automatically
Device and usage information: We use server logs, cookies and similar technologies to automatically collect information about your
computer or device and how you interact with the Service. For example, we may record your application version, browser type, comput-
er or mobile operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer or mobile de-
vice when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session) and your unique device, application or advertising identifiers.
In addition to information about your device, we collect information about how you interact with the Service, such as the page that re-
ferred you, your search terms, pages or areas of the Service you use or share, the time and duration of visits, features you used and links
you clicked on.

---
Cookies: See our Cookie Notice for more information about how the Service and third party analytics providers and advertisers use
cookies and similar technologies to collect your information when you use the Service.

---
Phone information: If you use the telephony or text messaging services available in some of our mobile applications, we may collect
information related to your use of these services, such as the phone numbers you call and message and from which you receive calls and
messages, the content of text messages, number of minutes used, number of text messages sent, and amount of data plan consumed.

---
Information We Collect from Other Sources
When you use our My Number Lookup service, you can request that we send you personal information associated with your phone num-
ber that we collect from publicly available and commercially available sources. We do not use this information for any purpose other
than to provide it to you when you use the service, we do not share it with any third parties (except for our service providers as described
below under How We Share Your Personal Information) and we do not retain it for longer than is necessary provide the service.

---
Advertising
If you use an ad-supported version of the Service, advertising companies use cookies and similar technologies to collect information
about how you use it, and to serve you ads tailored to your interests in the Service and elsewhere. See our Cookie Notice for more infor-
mation.

---
For research and development
We use the information we collect to better understand your interests and the Service, make improvements to the Service and to develop
new features and services.

---
To send you marketing communications
If you use the Service, request information from us, or participate in our surveys, promotions or events, we may send you Smart Remote
Application related marketing communications. You can always opt out of these communications by following the opt-out instructions
in the message or by contacting us.

---
With your consent
In some cases, we may ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information with your consent, such as when we re-
quest access to your photos or other data through prompts in your mobile operating system.

---
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information. You have the following options in relation
to your personal information that was collected:

---
Third party websites and services follow different rules regarding their collection, use and sharing of your personal information
and we encourage you to read their privacy policies to learn more.

---
Children's privacy
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 16. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information
from children under 16. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under 16, do not use or pro-
vide any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email ad-
dress. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16 without verification of parental consent, we will
erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please
contact us.

---
Cookie Notice
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website. They transmit information about your use of the site
to its operator or to third parties that placed the cookie.
Our sites and applications use both session and persistent cookies to enable you to sign in and use our sites and applications, store your
preferences and settings within them; analyze how they perform, personalize your experience with them, provide interest-based adver-
tising and for other lawful purposes. We may also use other similar technologies for these purposes, such unique device identifiers, and
third-party software embedded in our mobile applications. In some cases, these cookies and similar technologies are used by third
parties.
The cookies and similar technologies used in our sites and mobile applications are as follows:
Entity
name
Type
Services performed
Link to Privacy Policy
Google LLC Analytics
Cloud storage (for Android de-
vices) / analytics service provider.
https://policies.google.com/pri-
vacy?hl=en

---
Used by advertising companies to
collect information about how you
use our sites and mobile ap-
plications and other sites and ap-
plications over time. These com-
Google LLC Advertising panies use this information to
show you ads they believe will be
relevant to you within our sites
and mobile applications and else-
where, and to measure how the
ads perform.
https://policies.google.com/pri-
vacy?hl=en

---
Limiting mobile application tracking: Most mobile devices provide settings that will let you limit collection of your information for
advertising. To learn more, see at http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice.

---
For more information about how we collect, use and share your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy.