This Privacy Policy ("Policy") by TP-Link Systems Inc. ("TP-Link", "we", "our") inform you about the personal data we collect when you use the NC Cameras Devices
and Services.

---

Below you will find information on how we use your personal data, for which purposes your personal data is used, with whom it is shared and what control and
information rights you may have.

---

2. Summary of Our Processing Activities
When you use our Devices and/or the Services we collect personal data. Personal data is any information relating to a natural person who can be
identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, identification number, location data, or an online identifier. In
this section we will summarize how we collect data and what we do with it. You will find more detailed information under the indicated sections below.
• When you use the Devices without setting up an account, no personal data will be processed. Please note that without account registration the
use of our Devices and Services will be very limited.
• In case you register a user account for one of our Services ("tpCamera Account"), personal data will be processed in order to deliver such services.
• Your personal data might be disclosed to third parties that are located outside your country of residence; potentially, different data protection
standards may apply.
• We have implemented appropriate safeguards to secure your personal data and retain your personal data only as long as necessary.

---

3.1 tpCamera Account Registration and Delivery of Services
In addition to the above, with regard to the registration of a tpCamera Account and its subsequent use, we process:
• Information (such as your name, user name and email address) that is provided by registration;
• Information in connection with an account sign-in facility (e.g. log-in and password details);
Communications sent by you (e.g. via e-mail or website communication forms);
• Device data (e.g. Device ID, MAC address, IP address)
• Device/Service usage data (e.g. device activation such as friendly name of device);
The information which is necessary for the performance of the service is labelled accordingly. All further information is provided voluntarily.

---

3.2 Improvement of Our Devices/Services
We further might use your personal data in order to improve our Devices/Services. This might include all data under Section 3.1 above. Your personal
data will be anonymized where possible.

---

3.3 Marketing
In case you have granted consent, we use your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR. You might revoke that
consent at any time.
In order to provide you with our marketing services, we use The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp, (Atlanta, GA, USA) as service provider for the
processing on our behalf.

---

4. Cookies
The Services use cookies in several cases. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective, and safer. Cookies are small text files that
are stored on your computer. This data does not contain information that we could allocate to a natural person.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. You can prevent the use of cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Please note
that in this case you may not be able to fully utilize all functions of this website.
We use cookies in order to enhance your customer experience. Legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest pursued is the sale of further
products and/or services to you.

---

5. Recipients of your Personal Data
We may engage companies from our corporate family to perform software maintenance services and to provide customer support. They may have
access to your personal data to perform these tasks on our behalf and they are not authorized by us to otherwise use or disclose your personal data,
except to the extent required by law. Note that your video data can only be stored locally on your camera's SD card and is not accessible by us or any
third-party.

---

6. Cross-Border Data Transfers
Your personal data will be transferred to other countries (including countries outside the EEA) which may have different data protection standards than
your country of residence. Please note, that data processed in a foreign country may be subject to foreign laws and accessible to foreign governments,
courts, law enforcement, and regulatory agencies. However, we will endeavour to take reasonable measures (e.g. conclusion of EU SCCs or selection of
Privacy Shield certified service providers) to keep up an adequate level of data protection also when sharing your personal data with such countries.
When using the Services your personal data (incl. any video footage) will be transferred into and stored in the US. The transfer is necessary for the
performance of the contract and delivery of the Services by TP-Link (Art. 6 (1) b), 49 (1) b) GDPR.

---

8. Data Retention
We strive to keep our processing activities with respect to your personal data as limited as possible. In the absence of specific retention periods set out in
this Policy, your personal data will be retained only for as long as we need it to fulfil the purpose for which we have collected it and, if applicable, as long
as required by statutory retention requirements.

---

9. Your Rights
You may receive information about your personal data that we store at any time, free of charge. You do not need to give reasons.

---

You may revoke any consent to the collection and use of data given to us.If you believe that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes data
protection regulations, you may complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where you are resident or the place where the
alleged infringement occurred, without prejudice to administrative or judicial remedies.