This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. This
Privacy Policy governs your use of the software application File Manager Plus ("Application") for mobile devices that
was created by AlphaInventor, Inc.. The Application is the file explorer that helps you manage your files and folders in
your device, NAS(Network-attached storage) and cloud storages like Dropbox and Google Drive.

---
What information does the Application obtain?
User Provided Information
When using the application, as appropriate, you may be asked to provide personal information. Personal information
includes data such as (a) your name, email address, age, gender; (b) transaction-related information, such as when
you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us
when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information
you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information.
With your permission, the Application access information from your device, such as photo library, installed
application list, and external SD card in order to function properly. If you choose to give us access, you may also link
your use of the services with your cloud storage accounts.

---
Files on shared device storage
Files on shared device storage are used only to provide the services you have requested, such as file management,
etc.

---
Cloud service user data
User data collected from cloud services (Google Drive, Dropbox, OneDrive, etc.) are used only to provide the
services you have requested, such as file management, etc.

---
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of
mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile
operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the
Application.

---
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

---
How is your information used and why?
The information collected from you is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve the service, (ii) to administer your
use of the service, (iii) to better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve your experience,
and (v) to provide or offer application updates and announcements.
Where we need to process your personal information either to comply with law, or to perform the terms of a contract
we have with you and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the
contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the functionalities of the
Services). In this case, we may have to stop you using our Services.

---
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

---
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising
provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks
use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of
your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an
encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can't identify you personally. These third parties may
also obtain anonymous information about other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile
websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location
information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and
elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to
append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.

---
What are my choices with my personal information?
If you'd like us to access to, correct, update, or delete User Provided Information that you have provided via the
Application, please contact us at support @alphainventor.com. We will respond in a reasonable time. We may ask
you for proof of account ownership and/or identity before fulfilling your request. This is a security measure to ensure
that your information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. In some cases we may retain
copies of your information if required by law. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Information may be
required in order for the Application to function properly.

---
Request access to your personal information. This enables you to receive a copy of the information we hold about
you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.

---
For Residents of California
The California Consumer Privacy Act (also known as CCPA) provides you with additional rights regarding your
personal information. If you are a California resident, these terms and conditions apply to you.
In the preceding 12 months, we may have collected from you or from your use of the services, categories of personal
information as defined under the CCPA, which includes the following:
1. Identifiers such as your name, email address, IP address, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, online
identifier, and other similar identifier;
2. Protected Classifications, such as your gender and age
3. Commercial information such as your payment method and related information if you purchase a subscription;
4. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including the name of your mobile operator, your brows
type, language and time zone.
5. Interaction with our software or apps such as usage data, type and version of operating system, hardware version,
device settings, software types, battery and signal strength, screen resolution, device manufacturer and model,
language, and Internet browser type and version;

---
Access specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months.

---
Request to know the categories of personal information we have collected about you and the purposes for doing so;
the categories of sources of that data; the categories of third parties with whom we shared it for a business purpose
and our purposes for doing so.

---
Data Retention Policy
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will
retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.

---
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or
guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she
should contact us at support @ alphainventor.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable
time.

---
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this
information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate,
develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for
information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

---
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy
now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or
touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and
disclosing information.