We recognize the importance of the privacy of Our Users. We have laid down a policy (our
"Privacy Policy") explaining how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to
our Platform, and your choices about the collection and use of your information.

---

This policy sets out how we collect and use the information made available by You on the Platform.
This policy also explains the choices that you can make about the way that we use your
information.

---

This Privacy Policy applies to current and former visitors to our Platform and to our online Users.
By visiting and/or using our Platform, you agree to this Privacy Policy and to the collection and use
of your information by us. If you wish to withdraw consent, please refer to Clause 8 of this Privacy
Policy.

---

1.1. "Personal Data" means data about a natural person, which can be used to identify such
person. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Data" shall mean to include Sensitive
Personal Data or Information.

---

1.2. "Usage Data" shall mean data collected automatically- either generated by the use of the
Platform or from the Platform infrastructure itself.

---

1.3. "Cookies" shall mean small pieces of data or information stored on your personal device
(computer or mobile device).

---

1.12. "User Content" shall mean to include any information relating to the User of the Platform as
may be collected from User's account and activities while using of Platform, including but not
limited to Personal Data so collected, device information, location and network carrier.

---

2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
The information as detailed below is collected for Us to be able to provide the services chosen by
you and also to fulfill our legal obligations as well as our obligations towards third parties as per
our User Agreement.
We collect the following types of information about you:

---

2.1 Information you provide us directly: While using our Platform, we may ask you to provide us
with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Personally identifiable information may include Email Address, Phone Number, Business Name,
First and Last Name, Cookies and Usage Data.

---

2.2. Collection of Usage Data: We may also collect information that your browser sends
whenever you visit or access our Platform by or through your personal devices. This Usage Data,
inter alia, may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (i.e., IP
address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Platform that you visit, the time and
date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic
data. When you access the Platform with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include
information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP
address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser
you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. All the information collected as
Usage Data is collected automatically. Any information as detailed above as Usage Data is only
indicative of the type of information being collected and shall not be taken as an exhaustive list.

---

2.3. Cookies Information: We use cookies to personalize your experience on the Website. Our
use of cookies is to track the activity on our Platform. Cookies are files with a small amount of
data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a
website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons,
tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Platform. You
can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Platform.

---

2.4. Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you when you sign-
up/log-in through a third-party account (i.e., Google, Facebook, etc.). Depending on the third-
party accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such third-
party accounts, you understand that by granting us access to the public profile of your third-
party account, we will access (if applicable and as permitted by the third-party service provider
and authorized by you) information in the public profile of your third-party account so that it is
available on and through your account on the Platform.

---

2.5. We also collect information from Hotel Partners who wish to register with us under the 'List
Hotel' feature on the Platform. During the stage of registration, the Platform collects certain
information including without limitation the name of the hotel, address of the hotel, phone number
of the hotel, state and city in India in which the hotel is located, number of rooms at the hotel,
average room rate of the hotel, current occupancy of the hotel, name of the contact person at the
hotel, personal phone number of the contact person at the hotel and such other information as
may be sought by us ("Accommodation Information"). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the
Accommodation Information along with any information

---

3. USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Information We collect may be used in following manner:

---

3.1. We use the Personal Information for creation of User Account and providing Services on the
Platform. We use the Accommodation Information for creation of Hotel Partner Account and
facilitating listing of Accommodation on the Platform. When the App is installed on Your device,
the App may ask for some permissions. There is no option to customize the list of such
permissions as they are required for proper functioning of the App.

---

3.5. We use information to look at site trends and customer interests. We may use your
information to make our Platform and Services better. For this purpose, we may combine
information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties. 3.6. We use
information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our Users, or
our Platform.

---

4.1 We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Platform ("Service
Providers"), provide services on our behalf, perform Platform-related services or assist us in
analysing how our Platform is used. These Service Providers may collect your Personal Data. The
Personal Data collected by the Service Providers shall be governed by their respective privacy
policies and We are not liable with regards to such Personal Data.

---

4.2. We will share information with our Hotel Partners for confirming bookings/reservations on
the Platform. The Personal Data collected by the Hotel Partners shall be governed by their
respective privacy policies and We are not liable with regards to such Personal Data.

---

9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 18 years
and the Platform and its content are not directed at children under the age of 18 years. In the event
that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 18 years
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If
you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18 years. Please
contact us at support@brevistay.com.