Nawy (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how
your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Nawy.
This Privacy Policy applies to our website/app, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our
"Service") alongside our application, Nawy. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you
have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal
information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
---
[SECTION: Definitions and key terms]
• Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is
used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as
your language preference or login information.
---
[SECTION: What Information Do We Collect?]
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you visit our website/app, register on our site, place an order,
subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
• Name / Username
---
• Phone Numbers
---
• Email Addresses
---
[SECTION: When does Nawy use end user information from third parties?]
When does Nawy use end user information from third parties?
Nawy will collect End User Data necessary to provide the Nawy services to our customers. End users
may voluntarily provide us with information they have made available on social media websites. If
you provide us with any such information, we may collect publicly available information from the
social media websites you have indicated. You can control how much of your information social
media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings.
---
[SECTION: When does Nawy use customer information from third parties?]
When does Nawy use customer information from third parties?
We receive some information from the third parties when you contact us. For example, when you
submit your email address to us to show interest in becoming a Nawy customer, we receive
information from a third party that provides automated fraud detection services to Nawy. We also
occasionally collect information that is made publicly available on social media websites. You can
control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites
and changing your privacy settings.
---
[SECTION: Do we share the information we collect with third parties?]
Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
We may share the information that we collect, both personal and non-personal, with third parties
such as advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide
our content or whose products or services we think may interest you. We may also share it with our
current and future affiliated companies and business partners, and if we are involved in a merger,
asset sale or other business reorganization, we may also share or transfer your personal and non-
personal information to our successors-in-interest.
---
[SECTION: Where and when is information collected from customers and end users?]
Where and when is information collected from customers and end users?
Nawy will collect personal information that you submit to us. We may also receive personal
information about you from third parties as described above.
---
[SECTION: How Do We Use The Information We Collect?]
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual
needs)
---
[PAGE BREAK]
• To improve our website/app (we continually strive to improve our website/app offerings
based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your
customer service requests and support needs)
• To process transactions
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
• To send periodic emails
---
[SECTION: How Do We Use Your Email Address?]
How Do We Use Your Email Address?
By submitting your email address on this website/app, you agree to receive emails from us. You can
cancel your participation in any of these email lists at any time by clicking on the opt-out link or other
unsubscribe option that is included in the respective email. We only send emails to people who have
authorized us to contact them, either directly, or through a third party. We do not send unsolicited
commercial emails, because we hate spam as much as you do. By submitting your email address,
you also agree to allow us to use your email address for customer audience targeting on sites like
Facebook, where we display custom advertising to specific people who have opted-in to receive
communications from us. Email addresses submitted only through the order processing page will be
used for the sole purpose of sending you information and updates pertaining to your order. If,
however, you have provided the same email to us through another method, we may use it for any of
the purposes stated in this Policy. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving
future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
---
[SECTION: How Do We Protect Your Information?]
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information
when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a
secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible
by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the
information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security
numbers, financials, etc.) is never kept on file. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the absolute
security of any information you transmit to Nawy or guarantee that your information on the Service
may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or
managerial safeguards.
---
[SECTION: Could my information be transferred to other countries?]
Could my information be transferred to other countries?
Nawy is incorporated in Egypt. Information collected via our website/app, through direct interactions
with you, or from use of our help services may be transferred from time to time to our offices or
personnel, or to third parties, located throughout the world, and may be viewed and hosted anywhere
in the world, including countries that may not have laws of general applicability regulating the use
and transfer of such data. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, by using any of the above,
you voluntarily consent to the trans-border transfer and hosting of such information.
---
[SECTION: Can I update or correct my information?]
Can I update or correct my information?
The rights you have to request updates or corrections to the information Nawy collects depend on
your relationship with Nawy. Personnel may update or correct their information as detailed in our
internal company employment policies.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Personnel]
Personnel
If you are a Nawy worker or applicant, we collect information you voluntarily provide to us. We use the
information collected for Human Resources purposes in order to administer benefits to workers and
screen applicants.
---
[SECTION: Cookies]
Cookies
Nawy uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website/app that you have visited. A Cookie is a small
piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to
enhance the performance and functionality of our website/app but are non-essential to their use.
However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you
would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the website/app as we would not be
able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use
of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our
website/app correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
---
[SECTION: Payment Details]
Payment Details
In respect to any credit card or other payment processing details you have provided us, we commit
that this confidential information will be stored in the most secure manner possible.
---
[SECTION: Kids' Privacy]
Kids' Privacy
We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that
Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have
collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We
take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Facebook Pixel]
Facebook Pixel
Facebook pixel is an analytics tool that allows you to measure the effectiveness of your advertising by
understanding the actions people take on your website/app. You can use the pixel to: Make sure your
ads are shown to the right people. Facebook pixel may collect information from your device when you
use the service. Facebook pixel collects information that is held in accordance with its Privacy Policy
---
[SECTION: Tracking Technologies]
Tracking Technologies
• Cookies
We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our platform but are non-
essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may
become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit
the platform as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously.
• Local Storage
Local Storage sometimes known as DOM storage, provides web apps with methods and
protocols for storing client-side data. Web storage supports persistent data storage, similar to
cookies but with a greatly enhanced capacity and no information stored in the HTTP request
header.
• Sessions
We use "Sessions" to identify the areas of our platform that you have visited. A Session is a
small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser.
---
[SECTION: Information about General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)]
Information about General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We may be collecting and using information from you if you are from the European Economic Area
(EEA), and in this section of our Privacy Policy we are going to explain exactly how and why is this data
collected, and how we maintain this data under protection from being replicated or used in the wrong
way.
---
[SECTION: What is personal data?]
The Data Protection Principles include requirements such as:
• Personal data collected must be processed in a fair, legal, and transparent way and should
only be used in a way that a person would reasonably expect.
• Personal data should only be collected to fulfil a specific purpose and it should only be used
for that purpose. Organizations must specify why they need the personal data when they
collect it.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Why is GDPR important?]
Why is GDPR important?
GDPR adds some new requirements regarding how companies should protect individuals' personal
data that they collect and process. It also raises the stakes for compliance by increasing enforcement
and imposing greater fines for breach. Beyond these facts it's simply the right thing to do. At Nawy we
strongly believe that your data privacy is very important and we already have solid security and
privacy practices in place that go beyond the requirements of this new regulation.
---
[SECTION: Individual Data Subject's Rights – Data Access, Portability and Deletion]
Individual Data Subject's Rights – Data Access, Portability and Deletion
We are committed to helping our customers meet the data subject rights requirements of GDPR.
Nawy processes or stores all personal data in fully vetted, DPA compliant vendors. We do store all
conversation and personal data for up to 6 years unless your account is deleted. In which case, we
dispose of all data in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, but we will not hold it
longer than 60 days.