1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
•
Provide you with products and/or services:
1) Storage permissions: When you use the video/photo editing feature, we need permission to access your local media to
select videos or images. When you save the finished video, we need the storage permission of the local media, in order to
save the video and change the save path; This permission is only for editing and saving videos or photos. We will not obtain
any video or photos from your device, nor will we modify or delete the content in your local media storage.
2) Microphone permission: When you use the audio recording feature, we need microphone permission to record audio;
This permission is only used for audio recording. At the same time, the audio material will be stored in the YouCut draft box
and local device. If you delete it in the draft box or local media storage, YouCut will not store the related audio material.
3) Cloud processing permission: When you choose to use Al features, we need this permission to upload your videos or
images to our sever for processing, and then return the processed videos or images to you. We will delete the videos or
images after the processed content is returned to you.
• Customer service and after-sales service:When you send feedback via email or provide us with an error report,we will obtain
your username, email address, and email content, so that we can communicate with you about problems encountered
during the use of our products and services.
---
2. How We Use Cookies
Cookies are text files created on your device by the web server. In order to provide a better service, we may use related technologies
to send one or more cookies to your device to collect and store information about the use of this product. The specific usage is as
follows:
• Help you simplify the visit experience
Cookies can help you call up information during subsequent visits, simplify the process of recording and filling in personal
information, and allow you to have a more relaxed visit experience.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
•
Personalized display
Admob, AppLovin as advertisers of YouCut, may collect information generated during your use of our products and
services, extract your preferences, and use them to show you ads that are more in line with your individual needs. We will
use technical means to anonymize the data, and the anonymized information will not be able to identify the subject. If you
are not interested in personalized display, you can choose to turn off the display of personalized content through
"Settings"-"Ad Personalization". Please note that you may still see ads after turning off this option, but the relevance of ads
will be reduced.
---
3. Why We Collect Your Personal Information
•
In response to your request;
•
In order to communicate with you;
•
In order to improve our service;
•
Other purposes related to our business;
•
To comply with laws and regulations.
---
Directory of third-party SDKs that may be accessed
Category
Function
Types of information collected
Firebase SDK
Data statistical analysis service
Application software list
Admob Ads SDK
Get and display ads
Unique device identification code
(Android ID)
AppLovin Ads SDK
Get and display ads
Device location information, unique
device identification code (Android I
D)
Giphy SDK
Get Gif picture
Network status, unique device ident
ification code(Android ID)
---
[PAGE BREAK]
1) Provide you with information we collect about you;
---
2) Device permissions. You may revoke any permissions you have granted to us before, such as permission to access your
camera or camera roll;
---
6. How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information
•
In order to improve your experience, YouCut will store the contents of the draft box locally on the device until you actively
delete it. This is only for your convenience and will not be used in any other way.
---
7. To California Residents
Under the applicable California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), you have certain rights with respect to your personal information
collected by us for business purposes. Please note that this section applies only to people who live in California. Your rights include:
1) The right to know about the personal information a business collects about you how it is used and shared;
2) The right to delete the information collected from you;
---
8. Το EU Users
Under the applicable General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), you have certain rights with respect to your personal information
collected by us for business purposes. Please note that this section applies only to people who live in EU. Your rights include:
1) The right to obtain certain information about our processing, including: the purposes of processing the data; the
categories of personal data processed; the recipients who receive your personal data; how long we store your personal data;
2) The right to receive a copy of any personal data which we process about you, in a commonly used and machine-readable
format;
---
[PAGE BREAK]
9. Children Under 13
YouCut mainly provides its products and services to people over 13 years old (or the prescribed age in your country/region). If you
are the guardian of a child user under the age of 13 (or the prescribed age in your country/region), we remind you to properly
perform guardianship duties to protect the safety of children's personal information. In addition, please guide and help the children
under your supervision during the use of our products and services. If you are a child user under the age of 13 (or the prescribed
age in your country/region), please read this policy carefully with the assistance and assistance of your parents or guardians
before using our products and services, and use our services or provide us with information with the consent of your parents or
guardians,. If we learn that our products have accidentally collected children's personal information, we will delete the relevant
information as soon as possible.
---
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
According to YouCut's operational needs or the promulgation of relevant laws and regulations, we need to update or revise our
privacy policy from time to time. These updates and amendments will also form part of this policy and have the same effect as this
policy. When there are major changes to the terms of this policy, for example, changes of the purpose, method, and scope of
personal information collection, we will remind you by means of pop-up notifications so that you can keep abreast of any changes
made to this policy. Please note that your use or continued use of the products and/or services we provide means that you fully
understand and agree to the entire content of this privacy policy (including updated versions).