To ensure better protection of your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information
collection and disclosing policies, and the choices you make and your rights about the way your
information is collected and used. By visiting www.amberstudent.com you are accepting and
consenting to the practices described in this policy.

---
[SECTION: 2. INFORMATION GIVEN BY YOU:]
2. INFORMATION GIVEN BY YOU:
You can give us the information by filling the request form at Amber, over call, email or at various
offline promotional events. The informational you give us may include your name, phone number,
email id. For booking your accommodation at Amber you may need to give further personal
information (ex. Birth date, country of origin, guarantor's details, University name etc) on call or
email or other messaging services as necessary

---
[SECTION: 3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU:]
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU:
We collect the following information:
IP address, browser type, operating system type and platforms, Login information, URL
informational, Page interactions like clicking and scrolling and phone number or email you used to

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 4. COOKIES:]
4. COOKIES:
We use data collection device known as "cookies" at our website. "Cookies" are small files situated
on Your mobile/ computer/ device's hard disk that assists Us in providing customised services. A
cookie helps us analyse your preferences by, for example, recording the number of times you have
used the Website, and help us in tailoring our services to suit your interests. We use various
analytics tools and social media engagement tool which sets a cookie on your device. Data may be
collected by social media companies that may enable them showing advertisements. A “cookie”
does not give Us access to your device. You may choose to disable the “cookie” feature on Your
device.

---
Using our online chat functionality may also mean that we collect information on your country and
IP address. This information will not be used for any purpose other than to enhance the functionality
the website.

---
[SECTION: 5. OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION:]
The information we collected from you can be used to improve our services, analytics, research,
survey, advertisement and make suggestions to you and other users of the accommodations.

---
We may combine information given by other sources with information you give to us and
information we collect about you. We may use information given by other sources and the combined
information for the above purposes

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 8. WHERE WE SAVE YOUR DATA]
8. WHERE WE SAVE YOUR DATA
The data that we collect from you is processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us.
Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your accommodation booking.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all
steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this
privacy policy.

---
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. where you have chosen a password
which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password
confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.

---
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we
will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data
transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your
information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised
access.

---
[SECTION: 9. THIRD PARTY SITES:]
9. THIRD PARTY SITES:
Our Site may contain links to third party sites, including sites with which we have affiliate
agreements. We have no control and hence not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of such third party websites. This Privacy Policy extends only to personal data we collect from you
either via our website. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and
procedures of each and every other website that you visit.