• We do not ask for any personally identifiable information
such as your e-mail address, unless you will be contacting
our support team or use Aloha Profile.

---

However, to enhance the experience, we may collect some
information about you. This collection is only made for lawful
purposes. We will never ask for any information that will
personally identify you.

---

Data collected by Aloha Browser
None of your personal information is needed to download and
use our products and/or services. When you download and/or
use our products and/or website and/or services, we receive
some standard information that web browsers typically make
available such as: browser type, language preferences, referring
site and date and time of each visitor request. This information is
collected to give us a better understanding of how you use our
products and/or services. We might – from time to time – process
some information for statistical purposes, such as compiling and
publishing a report about our website usage trends.

---

Manually entered information

---

Some of your personal information is provided by you when you
want to access certain types of our services. You will be informed
beforehand of what you will be required to provide. However, it
is your choice whether to send personal information to us or
not.

---

If you get in touch with us for any reason, you will do so by e-mail
or via an in-app feedback form. During that process, we will
collect your name and e-mail address as well as the contents of
your e-mail, so that we can review it and where needed reply.

---

From time to time, we might launch some surveys. If you choose
to participate in one of our surveys, we will then collect some
additional information about you, such as your email. For
information voluntarily provided in surveys, we sometimes use
additional vendors for processing, though their access to
personal information is contractually limited to what is necessary
to perform their services.

---

In case you contact our support services, you might need to
provide us with additional information such as your operating
system and version and other information that we might request
to enable us to solve any problems.

---

Automatically collected information
When you use our products and/or services, your device
automatically transmits certain information, such as its IP
address, device information and language. However, we only
use this data temporarily to deliver content for you and, for
security purposes, to verify that you are not a bot. We do not
save or store on disk your IP address or any unique identifiers in
connection with your searches or website visits, instead, your IP
address is anonymized in the format 1.2.3.XXX. This means that
when you use our services, we are unable to record your activity.

---

Please keep in mind that certain third-party websites (i.e., search
engines, and service providers with whom Aloha Browser
partners from time to time) that you might access via our browser
and even with the VPN feature enabled might log your actual IP.
Additionally, some of our select partners (i.e., search engines,
and service providers with whom Aloha Browser partners from
time to time) might also log your actual IP details. We have
ensured that these selected partners apply the same privacy
and confidentiality provisions as we do. Find out more by
consulting our Cookies Policy.

---

Minors' data
Aloha Browser is not directed at anyone under the age of 18. We
also do not voluntarily or knowingly collect information from
minors. If we discover that we have collected personal
information from a child in violation of the applicable personal
data privacy legislation, we will do our best to delete this
information as quickly as possible.

---

Use of collected data
In general, personal data provided to us is used to respond to
user feedback and/or requests or to help us improve customer
service. Personal data may be used in the following ways:
1. To improve our Aloha Browser services management;
2. To improve our Aloha Browser services experience;
3. For editorial and feedback purposes;
4. To statistically analyze user preference;
5. To improve content and assist with product development;
6. For sending newsletters, surveys, special offers and any other
promotional material related to our products and/or services
and for other marketing purposes;
7. To provide your information to third parties if we will be
obligated to do so by rule of law;
8. To publish your testimony on our website, we might collect
your first name, in case you provide it for this purpose.
Additionally, we would also like to keep you informed about any
updates and developments of our services or for any special
promotions or ask you to participate in surveys. You can choose
to opt out of receiving any updates or news about promotions or
participating in surveys at any time.
We might also use the information we collect for statistical
purposes and for generating special reports (for example, to
detect any possible technical problems or monitor performance).
Any analysis is done anonymously in a way that individual users
cannot be tracked or traced.

---

We clarify that the personal information collected is accessible
only to those who need to know it to carry out relevant activities,
respecting the purpose for which it was provided. Some of the
service providers mentioned above may be located abroad and,
in this case, Aloha Browser adopts additional safeguards to
guarantee an adequate level of protection of personal data, in
accordance with the provisions of the relevant legislation.

---

Social media
Aloha Browser also uses social media to communicate and
interact with its customers and consumers, through third-party
websites such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Reddit. These
third-party websites are Internet-based technology that is not
operated or controlled by Aloha Browser.
By interacting with, sharing or “Liking” the Aloha Browser page
on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Reddit or other social media, you
may disclose certain personal information to Aloha Browser or
third parties. We use "social buttons" to allow our users to share
or bookmark web pages. These are buttons on third-party social
media sites that may record information about your activities on
the Internet, including this site. Please review the respective terms
of use and privacy policies of these platforms to understand
exactly how they use your information, as well as how to opt out
or delete such information.
The amount of personal information visible will depend on your
own privacy settings on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Reddit and
other social media.

---

Search function
The Aloha Browser has a built-in function for web searches which
allows you to customize the search engine used in the browser
address bar (Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo, Yahoo, YouTube,
Wikipedia, Aloha Find, and more) to perform the search. You can
always change your default provider in the settings menu. The
amount of information which is processed is your IP and the
search query which is transmitted to the search engine of your
choice with an HTTP request. Just like any other third-party
website you might access, use of any search engine is subject to
the terms of service and privacy policy offered by the specific
search engine provider. For information on the web search
services data collection, please visit the search provider's privacy
policy.

---

The UX improvement program
This is a program through which we collect users' behavioral
data in an anonymized way. This includes what features a user
uses and how often, how an application is used and the like.
Participation in the UX improvement program is voluntary. You
can enable this option through the Settings menu.

---

For security reasons, for requests made via email
dpo@alohabrowser.com, the request will be fulfilled when we
are certain of the user's identity. Therefore, we may request
additional data or information to confirm the identity and
authenticity of the holder. This data and information will be
protected during the storage period and deleted after the legal
period for possible regular exercise of rights has passed.

---

You can delete your collected data by opting out of the UX
improvement program in the Settings - Privacy section of the
app. If you are a member of the Aloha Profile service, please
refer to the Aloha Profile Privacy Policy to manage your collected
data.

---

California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
As of January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018 ("ССРА") provides California residents ("Consumer(s)")
certain rights with respect to their personal information, as this
term is defined under the CCPA. In addition to the rights, we state
under this Policy and subject to the exceptions found under the
CCPA, Consumers have the right to:
• Be informed of certain information concerning our collection
and use of their personal information;
• Request that we delete certain personal information we
collected from them;

---

The termination of the processing of personal data will occur in
the following cases: (a) when the purpose for which the personal
data was collected has been achieved, and/or the personal data
collected are no longer necessary or relevant to achieving such
purpose; (b) when the owner requests the deletion of their data;
and (c) when there is a legal determination in this regard.