This privacy notice for “Addons and Mods for Minecraft” developer account
(hereinafter referred to as the “we,” “us,” or “our”), describes how and why we
might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use
our services (“Services"), such as when you:
•
• Download and use our mobile application (mobile applications), or any other
application of ours that links to this privacy notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events

---

What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our
Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact
with Lordix Studio and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and
features you use.

---

Do we receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any
information from third parties.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical
processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However,
no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can
be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that
hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to
defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your
information.

---

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when
you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and
Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you
contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect
depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices
you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we
collect may include the following:
• advertising id

---

Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following
information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:
• Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain
features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's minecraft
worlds folder, and other features. If you wish to change our access or
permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
• Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as
your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system, version

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

information and system configuration information, device and application
identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model Internet
service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or
proxy server). If you are using our application(s), we may also collect
information about the phone network associated with your mobile device,
your mobile devices operating system or platform, the type of mobile device
you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, and information about the
features of our application(s) you accessed.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our
application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting
purposes.

---

Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information "such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or
browser and device characteristics” is collected automatically when you visit our
Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the
Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or
contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your
IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language
preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how
and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information
is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for
our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
The information we collect includes:
• Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic,
usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when
you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on
how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device
information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in
the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage,
pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which
features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error
reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”), and hardware settings).
• Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your
computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services.
Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such
as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification
numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider
and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration
information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• To deliver targeted advertising to you. We may process your information to
develop and display personalized content and advertising tailored to your
interests, location, and more.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission
(i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in
situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You can
withdraw your consent at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to
process your information without your consent, including, for example:
• If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be
obtained in a timely way
• For investigations and fraud detection and prevention
• For business transactions provided certain conditions are met
• If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to
assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
• For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next
of kin
• If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be
victim of financial abuse
• If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would
compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the
collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an
agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
• If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or
rules of the court relating to the production of records
• If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment,
business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for
which the information was produced
• If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
• If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system
of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical
and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any
personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to
secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or
information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we
cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or
other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do
our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal
information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access
the Services within a secure environment.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications
include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your
privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities
monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard
for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do
not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that
automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard
for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform
about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account
with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you
publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us
using the contact information provided below and include the email address
associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We
will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be
aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all
our systems (e.g., backups, etc.).

---

What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past
twelve (12) months:
| Category | Examples | Collected |
|---|---|---|
| A. Identifiers | Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name | |
| B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute | Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information | |
| C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law | Gender and date of birth | |
| D. Commercial information | Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information | |
| E. Biometric information | Fingerprints and voiceprints | |
| F. Internet or other similar network activity | Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements | YES |
| G. Geolocation data | Device location | |
| H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information | Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities | |
| I. Professional or employment-related information | Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us | |
| J. Education Information | Student records and directory information | |
| K. Inferences drawn from other personal information | Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individuals preferences and characteristics | NO |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories
through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail
in the context of:
• Receiving help through our customer support channels;
• Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
• Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.

---

How do we use and share your personal information?
Lordix Studio collects and shares your personal information through:
• Google Admob
• Google Analytics
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in
this privacy notice.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Right to be informed — Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
• whether we collect and use your personal information;
• the categories of personal information that we collect;
• the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
• whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
• the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business
purpose;
• the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or
disclosed for a business purpose; and
• the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal
information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you
are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These
verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can
match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance,
depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain
information so that we can match the information you provide with the
information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a
communication method (e.g., phone or email) that you have previously provided
to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your
identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid
requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification.
However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained
by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of
verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete
such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.