Eyecon Privacy Policy
Last Revised: July 2, 2025
Eyecon Global Ltd. (“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respects the privacy of the users of our mobile application ("App"), and is
fully committed to protect the personal information that users share with it in connection with the use of our App. This Privacy
Policy (the "Privacy Policy”) is intended to describe our practices regarding the information we may collect from you (the "User"
or "you") when you use our App, the manners in which we may use such information, and the options and rights available to
you. Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our End User License
Agreement (the “EULA”), available at https://www.eyecon-app.com/docs/eula.html which this Privacy Policy is incorporated
thereto by reference.

---
1. Your Consent – please read carefully.
By downloading, installing, accessing and/or using the App you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy,
including to the collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below). If you disagree to any term hereof,
you may not download, install, access or use the App, and must promptly and permanently remove the App and any part thereof
from your systems and devices, and cease any and all use thereof. Please note: you are not obligated by law to provide us with
any Personal Information. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are providing us with Personal Information at your own
free will, for the purposes described herein, and that we may retain such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy
Policy and any applicable laws and regulations.

---
2. Which information we may collect on our Users?
We may collect two types of data and information from our Users: (i) Non-personal Information, which is non-identifying and
non-identifiable information, without particular reference to the identity of the User from which such information was collected;
and (ii) Personal Information, which is individually identifiable information that identifies an individual, or may with reasonable
effort identify an individual, either alone or in combination with other information, or may be of private or sensitive nature. For
the avoidance of doubt, any Non-personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as
Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists. Personal and Non-personal Information which is being
gathered in connection with the App may consist of the following:

---
• We may automatically collect and the User may automatically provide us with certain technical Non-personal Information and
aggregated usage information, such as the User's mobile device brand and model, operating system type and version, country
code, which Third-Party Services' applications are installed on the User's device and User's uses thereof through the App, the
User's manual configurations, ‘click-stream', interactions and activities on the App, the period of time the User used the App
and related time stamps, crash and error logs, etc.

---
• When registering to the App, the User will be asked to provide his/her phone number, name, and photo, which will be used in
order to allow us to provide our Users with the App's services and experience. Such information may be provided to other
Users via the Advanced Search Functionality and Matching Functionality, as a confirmed match to such relevant User's contact
information.

---
• For the App to provide the Advanced Search Functionality and the Matching Functionality, as such terms are defined in the
EULA, it may require certain access permissions to information stored on User's device regarding the User's contacts (“Contact
Information"). Such information may also include Contact Information stored locally by the User relating to certain third-party
applications installed on the device (e.g., Skype, WhatsApp, Viber etc.), as well as such contacts social networks IDs. Such
Contact Information may be utilized in order to use additional features of the App reliant upon such permissions.

---
• In the event you decide to use the Advanced Search Functionality and Matching Functionality of the App, you will provide us
with Contact Information, and confirm that such contacts are aware that you have provided their data and that they consent
(and continue to consent as long as you use the Advanced Search Functionality and Matching Functionality) to our processing
of such data stored on your device, according to our Privacy Policy.

---
• In addition, for the provision of the Advanced Search Functionality and Matching Functionality, the App may gather public
information available online (including via social networks) regarding the Users and User contacts. For the avoidance of doubt,
any information related to a User's contacts (whom are not Users themselves) which is provided to a User via the Advanced
Search Functionality and Matching Functionality is provided merely as a suggested match and is not intended to be used as or
relied upon by a User as a confirmed match to such relevant User's contact.

---
• The App may also require for its proper functioning that the User chooses to grant us with certain access permissions to
his/her existing Facebook account (“FB Account”), and thereby provide us with certain information about the User, such as the
User's photo, date of birth and list of friends, as made available by the User through his/her FB Account.

---
• Before using Eyecon's call recording feature, it is your responsibility to inform all participants of such recorded calls of your
intended use of the call recording and to obtain all consents and approvals for the recording of the call, as necessary or
advisable under applicable law in your state and country, that all consents and approvals for the recording have been
obtained, and use of the recording feature
does not breach or infringe on the rights of any third party, including privacy rights.. Please note that recordings will only be
stored on your device (or any third party backup service which you choose to use) and not on Eyecon's servers. Eyecon
expressly disclaims any and all liabilities related to or arising from your use of Eyecon's call recording feature and/or arising
out of or related to your violation of any laws or regulations applicable to call recordings.

---
• You may also provide us certain information through your interactions with the Advanced Search Functionality and Matching
Functionality. For example, you may match your Contact Information with
certain information suggested to you by the App. The App records such matches in order to allow us to provide our Users with
the App's services and experience.

---
• Further, for the purpose of securing the App and user authentication access, the App may also collect a User's Device ID.

---
• In order to be able to provide and display messages (SMS) within Eyecon and to block unwanted and SPAM SMSes, Eyecon
needs the user to grant SMS permissions for this use.

---
• When You install and use the Services, Eyecon will collect personal information from You and any devices You may use in Your
interaction with our Services. This information may include e.g.: geo-location; Your IP address; device ID or unique identifier;
device manufacturer and type; device and hardware settings; SIM card usage; applications installed on your device; ID for
advertising; ad data, operating system; web browser; operator; IMSI; connection information; screen resolution; usage
statistics; default communication applications; access to device address book; device log and event information; logs,
keywords and meta data of incoming and outgoing calls and messages; version of the Services You use and other information
based on Your interaction with our Services such as how the Services are being accessed (via another service, web site or a
search engine); Your paired devices (such as smart watch); the pages You visit and features you use on the Services; the
services and websites You engage with from the Services; content viewed by You, content You have commented on or sent to
us and information about the ads You see and/or engage with; the search terms You use; order information and other usage
activity and data logged by Eyecon's servers from time to time. Eyecon may collect some of this information automatically
through use of cookies. Some information, including, but not limited to, usage information and other information that may
arise from Your interaction with the Services, cannot be used to identify You, whether in combination with other information
or otherwise and will not constitute personal information for the purposes of this Policy.

---
• The App may also collect Internal Account information (such as the email address associated with the User's Google account)
in order to sync the User's profile across devices, personalize the App experience, and enable core functionality. This data is
collected with the User's consent and uploaded to our servers only while the App is in use.

---
• Finally, the User may voluntarily provide us with any other Non-personal and Personal Information, such as certain Contact
Information provided by the User when contacting us (and any additional information related to such contacts), and/or other
information related to actions performed by the User in connection with the App.

---
Please Note: We will require to upload your Contact Information to our servers for the purpose of providing you with
certain services within the App. We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your
approval, which is obtained, inter alia, through your active acceptance to the EULA and the Privacy Policy.

---
3. How Do We Collect and Store Information of Our Users?
We use the following methods of collection:
(i) We collect Non-personal Information through your use of the App. In other words, we may be aware of your use of the
App, and may gather, collect and record the information relating to such usage, either independently or through the help of
third-party app as detailed below. We may also collect Non-personal Information through the processing, analysis, aggregation
and anonymization of Personal Information provided by you.

---
(ii) We collect Personal Information which you provide us voluntarily. For example, we collect Personal Information when
you contact us directly for questions or help.

---
(iii) We collect Personal Information which is publicly available from third-party online sources. For example, we collect
Personal Information from public profiles in social media networks.

---
(iv) Third Parties. We may store the Non-personal and Personal Information either independently or with the help of our
authorized third-party service providers as detailed below.

---
4. What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
We collect Non-personal and Personal Information in order to provide you with the App services and
experience; to enable us to further develop, customize and improve the App based on Users' common preferences, uses,
attributes and anonymized data; to create and provide our research and business partners and affiliates with anonymized
aggregated data and/or statistical or inferred Non-personal Information; to enable us to provide our Users with a better user
experience, with more relevant and accurate information, services, features and functionalities, and with technical assistance
and support; to further improve and develop security and authentication methods and features for the purpose of securing your
use of the App; and in order to abide by any applicable law. We may contact you by SMS, email, or other notifications to provide
you with information about our App services or special offers. We may also contact you for verification purposes. We may use
information collected to respond to you if you contact us. We collect Contact Information in order to provide with the Advanced
Search Functionality, and Matching Functionality, which allows a User to identify unknown and unfamiliar phone numbers and
have its address book contacts automatically associated with corresponding publicly available pictures and social network IDs of
such contacts. A number will be associated with a name, picture and/or social network IDs through these functionalities if a
sufficient number of independent Users, based on our algorithm, have indicated the same name, picture and/or social network
IDs for the relevant number.

---
6. Legal Bases
We collect, process and use your information for the purpose described in this Privacy Policy based on at least one of the
following legal basis:
• Our legitimate interests
• In order to provide you with the App's services and experience
• Based on your consent

---
• to collect, hold, process and/or manage your Personal Information through Company's authorized third-party service
providers
• to collect, hold, process and/or manage your Personal Information through Company's authorized third-party service
providers

---
11. Third-Party Software/ Services
The App may utilize certain third-party software and/or service, in order to collect and/or process the
information detailed herein. Such third-party software providers include:
• Google Analytics, which privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html;
• Facebook Analytics, which privacy policy is available at https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation;
• Amazon Web Services, which privacy policy is available at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr;
• Firebase, which privacy policy is available at https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html;

---
Our App uses certain tracking technologies in order to:
• To analyze User's behavior while using the App
• Enhance your user experience on the App
• To recognize you when you are using the App
• Provide you with personalized advertisements

---
12. Third-Party Services
The App may offer you links to certain Third-Party Services' applications installed on your device, through which you may further
interact with your mobile contacts. Please be advised that such Third-Party Services are independent from Company, and may
collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to
privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such Third-Party Services. We encourage you to carefully read the
privacy policies and the terms of use of such Third-Party Services, as their terms, not ours, will apply to any of your interactions
with or through such Third-Party Services.

---
By contacting us or
downloading and using the App, you represent that you are free to do so and that you will not knowingly provide Company with
information that infringes upon third parties' rights, including any intellectual property rights or privacy rights. You further
acknowledge that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any and all rights, including intellectual property rights in the
App, its output or any derivative thereof, shall belong exclusively to the Company as further specified in the EULA, and Company
may use or refrain from using any such information at its sole discretion.