I. SUBJECT OF DATA PROTECTION
Subject of data protection is personal data. Data is personal if it can be assigned to an identified or identifiable
natural person. This includes information such as names, addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers.

---

II. COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA ON
REQUEST
The use of our website and App is generally possible without providing personal data. You are neither obliged
to visit this website nor to provide any personal data. If you do not provide us with personal data, you might
not be able to use individual functionalities of this website. Otherwise there will be no consequences for you.
The collection of users' personal data on our site is always on a voluntary basis, except in the cases described in
the following. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by email)
can have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
We collect, process and use your personal data, which you have provided us with when booking or registering
an account for our member area, to the extent necessary in each case for the following purposes:

---

1. Registration and execution of the contract
>> Data that you provide when setting up an account, such as your name, email address, telephone number,
mobile phone number, address and data which will be provided depending on the service you use
>> We collect, process and use transaction data regarding your activities on the websites (e.g. purchases, content
that you generate or that relates to your account)
>> Billing and other data you provide for the purchase
>> Data collected in the context of reviews, chats and correspondence on the website or by email, fax and post
>> Other personal data that we may ask you to provide for special purposes
>> If you voluntarily provide us with additional personal data during registration, this data will also be used for
the implementation of the usage relationship.

---

2. Contact establishment
If you provide us with personal data for the purpose of contacting us, this data will be used by us as this is
necessary for the purpose of the respective communication.

---

3. Marketing
GetYourGuide may process and use your personal data for marketing purposes, e.g. to send emails with
general information or of an advertising nature (newsletter), on the basis of the declaration of consent you
have given us.

---

4. Information you provide to Payment Processors
All payments made are processed by a PCI/DSS-compliant (these are payment card industry security
standards) payment processing service engaged by us. All information collected by these third-party providers
for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us unless you have otherwise provided this in-
formation to us in connection with your use of the Websites or our products and services.

---

III. DATA PROCESSING TO ENABLE THE USE OF THE WEBSITE
When you visit our website, we collect the necessary data to enable you to use it (usage data). This includes
your IP address and data about the start, end and subject of your use of the website as well as any
identification data (e.g. your login data when you log into a secure area). This data is used to provide and
design the service according to users' preference. This data is always deleted as soon as it is no longer required
and if there are no storage obligations. For information on the processing of pseudonymous usage profiles, see
item VII.

---

IV. DATA PROCESSING FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS AND DEVICES
When you download data, use our mobile applications or access one of our websites optimized for mobile
devices, we may collect information about you and your mobile device as described above in this statement.
This can include location data, for example, if you release it for our mobile application. We use this information
to provide you with location-based services such as search results and other personalized content, if approved
by you and your device. You can control or deactivate location services from the settings menu on most mobile
devices. If you have questions about deactivating location services on your device, we recommend that you
contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device.
If we collect other personal data that is transferred as a result of your use of our mobile applications or your
access to our website with a mobile device, we will obtain your express consent in advance.

---

V. DATA COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may obtain additional information about you from third parties to supplement our account information to
the extent permitted by law. This includes demographic and navigation data, credit check data and other
information from credit agencies, to the extent permitted by law.

---

VI. COOKIES
When you visit our website, information may be stored on your computer in the form of a cookie.
This Section describes the cookies we use and explains why we use cookies and how we deal with the collected
information. It also explains how cookies enable our website and App to function properly and why you may
not be able to experience the full functionality of the website if you disable the use of cookies. By visiting our
website without changing your settings, you agree to receive all cookies and other data collection tools;
however, if you do not accept the use of these cookies, you can change your cookie settings at any time. All the
companies or networks that we work with have their own privacy policies and offer a mechanism for users to
opt out tracking and behavioral targeting available through the ad itself or through the opt out mechanisms
listed in the 'How to control or delete cookies' section.

---

1. What are Cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or
mobile device when you visit a certain webpage. Cookies are then sent back to the originating webpage on
each subsequent visit, or to another webpage that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are widely used to make our
website work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your
preferences, and generally improving the user experience. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have
visited our website before or whether you are a new visitor. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see
online are more relevant to you and your interests.
There are two broad categories of cookies:
>> first party cookies served directly by us to your computer or mobile device;
>> third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf. We may use third party cookies for
functionality, perfor-mance/analytics, advertising/tracking and social media purposes.
Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are session
cookies, meaning that they are stored only temporarily during a browsing session and expire when you close
your browser. Other cookies are persistent cookies, meaning that they are saved on your computer or mobile
device for a fixed period and are not deleted when browser is closed. They can be used by our website to
recognize your computer or mobile device when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.

---

Functionality Cookies:
Functionality cookies record information about choices you have made and allow us to tailor our website to
you. These cookies mean that when you continue to use or come back to the website, we can provide you with
our services as you have asked for them to be provided. For example, these cookies allow us to:
Save your location preference if you have set your location on your homepage, and, if applicable, to receive a
local weather forecast;
Remember settings you have applied, such as layout, text size, preferences, and colors;
Show you when you are logged in;
Store accessibility options

---

Performance and Analytics Cookies:
We use performance/analytics cookies to analyze how our website is accessed, used, or is performing to
provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve the website. For
example, these cookies allow us to:
Better understand the visitors of our website in order to improve and insure present and relevant content;
Test different design ideas for particular pages, such as our homepage;
Collect information about our website visitors, such as where they are located and what browsers they are
using;
Determine the number of unique users that visit our website;
Improve our website by measuring any errors that occur;
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings.
We use Google Analytics and many other analytics tools to helps us understand how users engage with the
website. These web analytics services use first-party cookies to track user interactions, in our case, this means
they are used to collect information about how are visitors are using our website.This information is used to
compile reports and create services to help us improve our website and the services associated with it. The
reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. Some services will allow you to opt out of
tracking with their services directly. For instance, while you cannot opt out of use of cookies with our site, you
can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site - for more information on opting by
Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.

---

Advertising and Tracking Cookies:
We may allow third party companies, including advertising companies (such as Google), to place cookies on
our website. These cookies enable such companies to track your activity across various sites where they display

---

ads and record your activities, so they can show ads that they consider relevant to you as you browse the
Internet. These Cookies store information about the content you are browsing together with an identifier linked
to your device or IP address.
These Cookies also allow us and third parties to know whether you've seen an ad or a type of ad, and how
long it has been since you've last seen it. This information is used for frequency capping purposes, to help tailor
the ads you see, and to measure the effectiveness of ads.

---

Third Party Cookies:
There are various pages on our website where third parties provide applications of their own cookies to track
the success of their services (applications) or customize applications for you. Due to how these cookies work, we
cannot access the cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us. Some pages of our
website may also contain embedded content and these third-party sites may set their own cookies.

---

5. Cookies that have been set in the past
If you have disabled one or more Cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your
disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further
information.

---

VII. PSEUDONYMOUS USAGE PROFILES FOR ADVERTISING AND
MARKET RESEARCH (WEB TRACKING AND ANALYSIS)
GetYourGuide uses web tracking systems for advertising, market research and to make your use of our website
as pleasant as possible. This allows us to further develop our website and tailor content to your needs.
GetYourGuide and third-party businesses may use the information collected through the Sites using cookies,
web beacons, and other similar technologies to help manage online advertising programs. This information
may enable us and our third-party advertising services and other third-party businesses to track the actions of
users online over time and across different websites or platforms to measure statistics relating to marketing
efforts, and to deliver electronic advertisements that may be more relevant to individual consumers and that
will improve the consumer experience. For information about how tracking works for online advertising

---

IX. SOCIAL NETWORKS
Our website contains links to social networks (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn). These
social networks are operated exclusively by third parties. If you follow the links, information may be transmitted
to these third parties. We use the so-called 2-click solution. This means, in general, that no personal data will
be passed on if you visit our site.

---

XI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
Except as set forth in this Privacy Statement or when specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose personal
information we gather from you to third parties unless we are required to share this information to complete
your request or for legitimate business purposes. GetYourGuide shares personal information in the following
circumstances:

---

In particular, we collect and transfers to countries outside the EU
personal data only: with your explicit consent; to perform a contract with you; in a manner that does not
outweigh your rights and freedoms. If this data is not processed and transferred, GetYourGuide will not be able
to execute the contract with you or you will not have access to any or all of the benefits and features associated
with your transaction. We endeavour to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your
personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with GetYourGuide and the practices
described in this Privacy Statement. In the event that you have any questions to this end, please contact our
Data Protection Officer.

---

If you are in the European Economic Area, at the moment you withdraw your consent for the processing of your
personal data, all your personal data received and stored are erased if no longer needed by us. Unless we are
required to retain this personal data by law or to comply with our regulatory obligations. In such a case, we will
only keep this personal data for as long as necessary. For more information on where and how long your
personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact our
data privacy resource at dataprotectionofficer@getyourguide.com.

---

You may also request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data
concerned; who else outside GetYourGuide might have received the data from us; what the source of the
information was (if you did not provide it directly to GetYourGuide); where the personal data is stored and how
long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by us if it
is inaccurate. You may request that we erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You

---

In addition to the information contained in this Privacy Statement, you may be provided with additional and
contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of your personal data
upon request.

---

XVIII. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY STATEMENT
From time to time, we may need to update or modify this Privacy Statement, to reflect changes in our business
practices, data collection practices or organization. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any
time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Statement on our
website, or, if you have provided your email address to us, sending you an email notifying you of the amended
Privacy Statement. It is strongly recommended to check the Website often, referring to the date of the last
modification listed at the top. We will in any case not reduce your rights under this Privacy Statement without
your explicit and informed consent. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of the
Website, and cease providing personal information to us, prior to the time the modified Privacy Statement takes
effect. If you continue using the Website or provide personal information after the modified Privacy Statement
takes effect, you will be bound by the modified Privacy Statement.