Our commitment to transparency a also to the data we collect about
you, how it is used and with whom how Grocery Delivery E-Services
USA, Inc. d/b/a HelloFresh (“Hellof collect, use and share your
personal information in connection y, the “Site”), mobile applications
(collectively, the “App”), and social y (together with the “Site” and
“App”, the “Service”); and in the cor I in this notice.

---
• Personal information we collect

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Information you provide to us.
Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:

• Contact data, such as your first and last name, email address, and mailing and billing addresses, postal
code, and phone number.
• Profile data, such as your username and password that you set to establish an online account with us, and
other information you include in your account profile.
• Communications data that we exchange when you communicate with us, such as chat transcripts when
you request support, contact us with questions or feedback or complete our surveys.
• Content data, such comments, text, images, audio, video or other content you post to or provide through
the Service.
• Payment and transactional data, such as the information needed to complete your orders on or through
the Service (including name, credit card information, billing and shipping information), information about
your payment transactions, and your order history.
• Marketing data, such as your preferences for receiving communications about our products, activities,
events, and publications; detai
provide when you participate i
• Other data that we may collec
Privacy Policy or as otherwise
inications; and information you
th we will use as described in this

---
Other sources. We may combine p with personal information we
obtain from other sources, such as

• Data providers, such as inform sors.
• Public sources, such as public
• Business partners, such as joi into, or otherwise link to, your
• Third-party services, such as
Service account. This data may include your username, profile picture and other information associated
with your account on that third-party service that is made available to us based on your account settings
on that service.

---
Automatic collection. We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information
about you, your computer or mobile device, and your activity over time on the Sites and other online services,
including:

• Device data, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number,
manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, the website you visited before
browsing to our website, and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.
• Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen,
navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access
times, and duration of access.
• Precise geolocation data, such as when you authorize our mobile application to access your location.
• Communication interaction data, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications
(e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also

---
[PAGE BREAK]
known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
• Security data, such security camera footage recorded at our offices or facilities.

---
Cookies and similar technologies. Some of our automatic data collection on the Site is facilitated by:

• Cookies, which are small text files that websites store a visitor's device to uniquely identify the visitor's
browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of tracking user activity and
patterns, helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally
improving your browsing experience. Cookies used on our sites include both “session cookies” that are
deleted when a session ends, “persistent cookies” that remain longer, “first party” cookies that we place,
and "third party” cookies that our third-party business partners and service providers place
• Local storage technologies, like HTML5, which that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store
larger amounts of data on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.
• Web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, typically used to demonstrate that a webpage or
email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked, typically to compile
statistics about usage of websites and the success of marketing campaigns.
• Software development kits, or SDKs, which are used to incorporate third party computer code into our
App that allows the third party to collect data directly from it for a
variety of purposes, including t use of the App, to integrate with
social media, add features or f ne advertising.

---
Information about others. You ma › with us, such as when you send
them a gift through the Service or r you share the personal
information of others with us, you a permission to do so.

---
How we use your perso
We may use your personal informa wise described at the time of
collection:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Research and development. We may use your personal information for research and development purposes,
including to analyze and improve the Service and our business and to develop new products and services. As
part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified or other anonymous data from personal
information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that
makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this aggregated, de-identified or otherwise
anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and
improve the Service and promote our business.

---
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers, and our third party advertising partners may collect and
use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes:

• Direct marketing. We may send you HelloFresh-related or other direct marketing communications as
permitted by law, including text messages that you may opt to receive from us that may include
information about promotional offers and more. These messages may use information automatically
collected based on your actions while on our Site or App and may prompt messaging such as cart
reminders. If you opt to have SMS notifications sent to your mobile phone, we receive and store the
information you provide, including your telephone number or when you read a text message. You may opt-
out of our marketing communi rketing section below. For more
information about text messag
• Interest-based advertising. W g companies and social media
companies to display ads on o ies may use cookies and similar
technologies to try to tailor the d on your activity over time across
our Service and other sites, or Is are known as "interest-based
advertisements." You can learr rest-based advertising, in the
Advertising choices section be

---
• contact or market to you after collecting your personal information at an event

---
For other purposes. We may also use your personal information for other purposes described in this Privacy
Policy or at the time we collect the information.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• Advertising. To help our third-party advertising partners collect information about how you use the Service
and other online services over time, which they use to show you ads on other online services they believe
will interest you and measure how the ads perform.

---
With your consent In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your
personal information, such as wher

---
Retention We generally retain pers which we collected it. The criteria
we use to determine the retention p filled and whether we need to
retain it for purposes of satisfying a nents, to establish or defend legal
claims, or for fraud prevention purp

---
When we no longer require the personai information we nave collected about you, we may either delete it,
anonymize it, or isolate it from further processing.

---
How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy
Policy, in applicable notices, or at the time of collection:

---
Partners. Third party partners who offer products and services that may be of interest to you. We may
sometimes share your personal information with partners or enable partners to collect information directly via
our Service, including when you have indicated your interest in certain products or services.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Advertising partners. Third party advertising companies that collect information about your activity on the Site
and other online services to help us advertise our and other services, and/or use hashed customer lists that we
share with them to deliver ads on their platforms to our customers and similar users (“Custom Audience
Campaigns").

---
Other users. Other users of the Service or the public when you choose to make your profile or other personal
information available to them through the Service, such as when you provide comments, reviews, survey
responses, or other content. We do not control how other users or third parties use any personal information
that you make available to such users or the public. Please be aware that any information you post publicly can
be cached, copied, screen captured or stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines) before you have a
chance to edit or remove it.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Third party platforms. If you choose to connect to the Service through your social media account or another
third party platform, you may be able to use your settings in your account with that platform to limit the
information we receive from it. If you revoke our ability to access information from a third party platform, that
choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Security practices
We employ a number of technical, organizational, and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal
information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we
cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.

---
Children
Our sites and online services are no ears of age. If we learn that we
have collected personal informatio nt of the child's parent or guardian
as required by law, we will delete it.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• Right to information/know. You can request the following information about how we have collected and
used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
• The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
• The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
• The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.

---
• Access You can request a cop e collected about you during the
past 12 months.

---
• Correction You can ask us to nat we have collected about you.

---
• Deletion You can ask us to del e collected from you.

---
• Opt-out of the "sale" of Personal Information. You may ask us not to “sell” Personal Information we have
collected about you to third parties now or in the future. The right to opt-out of “sales” is separate from
opting-out of our direct communications with you for marketing purposes.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• Right to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of your Personal Information. While we do not sell Personal
Information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you.
Our use of some of these services may be classified under California law as a “sale” or “share” of your
Personal Information to the co se they collect information from
our users (e.g., device data an ads more likely to interest you. You
can request to opt-out of this o Not Sell My Personal
Information.

---
Retention
We will retain each category of Personal Information collected for as long as reasonably necessary to maintain
the Service, to meet legal and accounting obligations, and for the other purposes described in this Privacy
Policy, or as otherwise required or permitted by law, unless specifically authorized to be retained longer. We
may anonymize and/or aggregate Personal Information and store it in order to analyze aggregate metrics and
trends. For more information about our retention policy, including how we determine the appropriate retention
period for Personal Information, please see the Retention section earlier in the Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Personal information that we collect, use and disclose

The chart below summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of "personal
information" specified in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140) and describes our practices currently and during
the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. The terms in the chart refers to the
categories of information, statutory categories, and third parties described above in this Privacy Policy in more
detail. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories
of personal information not described below. The categories of sources from which the personal information is
or was collected and the business or commercial purposes for collecting such information are as described in
the "Personal information we collect” and “How we use your personal information” sections above.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
| Personal Information ("PI") we collect | CCPA statutory category |
|---|---|
| Contact data | Identifiers (online) Identifiers (other) Commercial Information California Consumer Records |
| Profile data | Identifiers (online) Identifiers (other) Commercial Information California Consumer Records |
| Communications data | Identifiers (online) Identifiers (other) Commercia California Internet or Information |
| Marketing data | Identifiers Identifiers California Commercia Internet or Information |
| Content data | Sensory in California customer records |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
| Payment and transactional data | Commercial information Financial information California consumer records |
|---|---|
| Device data | Identifiers (other) Internet or Network Information Inferences |
| Online activity data | Identifiers (other) Commercial Information Internet or Network Information Inferences |
| Precise geolocation data | Geolocation data |
| Communication interaction data | Identifiers (c Identifiers (c Commercial California co Internet or M Information |
| Data derived from the above | Inference |