This Application Privacy Policy (“Application Privacy Policy") outlines the information that Cloudflare
gathers, how we use that information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such
information when you use the Cloudflare Application(s). As used in this Application Privacy Policy,
"Cloudflare," "Us" or "We” refers to Cloudflare, Inc. and its affiliates as listed at the end of this policy.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application
Terms of Service.

---

This Policy only applies to Cloudflare's collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in
connection with the use of the Cloudflare Application(s). This Policy does not apply to Cloudflare's
collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Application when the Application is
used as part of a Cloudflare Zero Trust account, as described in more detail in Section 3.

---

2. Information We Collect
We only collect and store the minimum amount of data we believe is required to operate and improve
the Application. There are three categories of data that we collect: Account Data, Operational Data,
and DNS Resolver Information as described more fully below. Your Account Data and Operational Data
are pseudonymized. Your DNS Resolver Information is anonymized at our edge data centers.

---

We do not collect your name, phone number, or credit card information (or records of any payments
collected by the applicable App Store). The only information we receive from the applicable App Store
is a limited amount of information that we need to confirm your subscription for a Service. We do not
receive from the App Store any of your personal data or other information about your App Store

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

account. We only receive your email address (and name, if you voluntarily provide it) if you have
decided to give us feedback and/or report bugs.

---

2.1 Account Data
When you install the Application on your device, create or update your account, sign up for a Paid
Application Service, or participate in one of our referral programs, we collect and store the “Account
Data" described below, depending on your use of the Application.

---

Account Data
Information Type
Account
Subscription
Referral
Purpose
We use account information, such as your account ID,
to administer your account and authorize Internet requests
from your device to the Cloudflare network.
If you subscribe to Paid Application Services,
we use subscription information,
such as your order ID, to administer those subscriptions.
If you participate in our referral programs,
we use referral information, such as your registration ID,
to credit referrals to you.

---

2.2 Operational Data
Cloudflare also collects and stores “Operational Data" when you connect to our network. This data is
required to operate and improve our Application.

---

Operational Data
Information Type
Request data (Source
IP, Source Port,
Destination IP)
Performance data
Purpose
When you connect to our network, we see your IP address and use it to assign you a
Cloudflare IP address corresponding to the country in which you are connecting from.
We do not retain a link between the IP address you use to access the Internet via our
Application and the websites you visit.
We track the services you have enabled and the amount of data you have transferred
via the Application. We also use performance data to understand how the Application

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Information Type
Device data
Crash Logs
Connection Data
Feedback/Bug
Reports
Purpose
impacts your Internet connection and to improve our Application. Performance Data
does not include personal information.
We use information regarding your device, such as device model and operating system,
for troubleshooting and to improve our Application. This data does not include unique
device identifiers.
We use crash log information regarding your device's use of the Application for
troubleshooting and to improve our Application. Crash logs do not contain your IP
addresses or other personal information.
We retain anonymized network information to look for connection problems between
your device and Cloudflare's network. You may disable the reporting of anonymized
network information in the Application.
We require your email address when you provide feedback and bug reports. When you
provide feedback, you can choose whether to share your console logs. Console logs
can include your device name and IP address. We use this information for
troubleshooting and to improve our Application. Your email address will be deleted 6
months from the date of collection.

---

2.3 DNS Resolver Information
We collect limited DNS query data that is sent to the 1.1.1.1 Public DNS resolver when you have the
Application enabled on your device. The DNS query data that we retain does not contain your IP
addresses or personal information, and the bulk of the data is only stored for 24 hours. You can learn
more about our 1.1.1.1 Public DNS Resolver commitment to privacy here.

---

3. Cloudflare Zero Trust
The Application may be used as part of the Cloudflare Zero Trust offerings to which you or your
organization may subscribe. You understand that when your device is in Cloudflare Zero Trust mode,
information we collect about your use of the Application and your Internet activity will be associated
with your Cloudflare Zero Trust identity (e.g., work email address), and Cloudflare will process your
personal data on behalf of the Cloudflare Zero Trust organization that you have associated with your
account. All information provided by you or resulting from your use of the Application as part of
Cloudflare Zero Trust services to which you or your organization subscribe is collected, used,
maintained, shared, and destroyed in accordance with the Cloudflare Privacy Policy, available here, and
this Application Privacy Policy will no longer apply.

---

4. How We Use Information We Collect
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the
purpose for which it was collected or authorized. We use the information we collect, as described in

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Section 2 to operate and improve the Application, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an
issue arises. We may also use the information we collect to comply with legal obligations as well as to
investigate and prevent violations of the Application Terms of Service. We will not combine the
information collected from DNS queries with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that
can be used to identify individual end users. Learn more.

---

5. Retention
We store your personal data only as long as is necessary to provide our Application and the associated
services, pursue legitimate interests, and comply with applicable laws. Your Account Data and
Operational Data will be stored for no longer than two years after your last use of the Application.
Information associated with feedback and bug reports may be retained longer as needed.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

7. Legal Basis for Processing
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), please note that our legal basis for
collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and
the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only
where: (a) we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the
services you have requested), or (b) the processing is in our legitimate interests. In some cases, we
may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the
personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. We will obtain your
consent where required by law. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal
data, you have the right to object. If you have any questions about or need further information
concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
(together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our
collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or
complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first
contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San
Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of
receipt and verification of your identity.

---

The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare's compliance with the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive
under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to
lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements.

---

Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and
subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Cloudflare shall remain liable
under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with
the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the
damage.

---

10. Data Subject Rights and Choices
In the event you elect to contact us to report an issue with the Application, to share feedback or to
send console logs, we may receive limited personal data about you, such as your email address, that
we retain for a limited period of time. You will have the right to access, correct, update, export, or
delete your limited personal information that we retain. You may email us at SAR@cloudflare.com with
any such subject access requests ("SAR"), and we will respond within thirty (30) days.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Please keep in mind that except for when you provide feedback, we don't receive personally
identifiable information from you, and we are unable to associate your identity with your Account Data
or Operational Data. As a result, our ability to comply with data subject rights is limited to those
circumstances in which we have your personally identifiable data.

---

11. Data Security, Data Integrity and Access
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from loss, misuse or
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and/or destruction. We have put in place appropriate
physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we
make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the
security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacyquestions@cloudflare.com.