PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. BY
ACCESSING OR USING THE APP, YOU AGREE TO PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA WHICH IS
PROVIDED TO US IN LINE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

---

2. INFORMATION WE PROCESS AND PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
There are two general categories of information we will process. Our mission is to constantly improve our App and
provide you with new or better experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the purposes as set
out below.

---

2.1 Information you submit or permission you grant to us
Permission to access to the calendar: In order for you to normally use certain functions of our App such as check-in
function, we need access to the calendar of your device, and your refusal to grant us the permission will prevent you
from using such functions.

---

2.2 Information collected automatically
a) Technical Information. When you use the App, we will collect certain technical information regarding your device,
and your use of the Software, including the type, name and version of operating system: (i) Your configuration and
settings of the Software, version of the Software; (ii) ISP (Internet Service Provider), Internet protocol (IP) address;
(iii) Status of the WLAN; (iv) International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) ; (v) Android ID.
b) Exercise Information: When you use the function of recording exercise volume of our App, we will collect your
exercise information, such as: the number of steps, exercise time, walking mileage, etc., in order to summarize the
step situation and physical state for you based on the above exercise information. The above information will only be
stored locally on your device and will not be uploaded to our servers.

---

2.3 Purposes of processing your information.
The purposes of the information that is processed automatically are: (1) to operate and update the App and our
services, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features; (2) to improve and customize the App and
related services; (3) to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the App; (4) to enforce the
terms and conditions applicable to the App and to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches,
potentially prohibited or illegal activities and misuse thereof, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.

---

We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract
between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent
for our collection, use, disclosure of your personal information, we( and any third parties with whom we cooperate)
will promptly cease all such use, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal
obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other
malicious acts.

---

6. YOUR DATA RIGHTS
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. In order to
exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to
(subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal
information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for
a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint
about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise
these rights please contact us through the email displayed below.

---

7. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to
protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.

---

8. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 16 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable
laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age"). Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any
personal information from children under the Minimum Age. No one under the Minimum Age may provide any
personal information to the App. If you are under the Minimum Age, do not use or provide any information on this App
or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we
learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the Minimum Age without verification of parental
consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from
or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.