This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how your personal information is collected,
used, and disclosed by Huckleberry Labs, Inc. (“Huckleberry,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This
Privacy Policy applies to users of Huckleberry's website with links to this Privacy Policy
includingwww.huckleberrycare.com,www.huckleberry-labs.com
andwww.huckleberrysleep.com; our applications on the web, mobile phones, or tablets;
and any and all data or information related to or derived from your personal interaction
with us. The website and the applications are referred to collectively as the “Products” in
this document.

---

For this Privacy Policy, the following definitions apply:
1. "Personal Information” means information that allows someone to identify or
contact you, including for example your name, address, telephone number, and
email address.
2. "Anonymous Information” means data that is not associated with or linked to your
Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not, by itself, permit the
identification of individual persons. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy but
not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them in the
Huckleberry Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”).

---

By registering with us or using our Products, you expressly consent to the information
handling practices in this Privacy Policy. If you reside outside the United States, you
understand that your Personal Information may be processed in countries (including the
United States) where laws regarding processing Personal Information may be less
stringent than in your country.

---

[SECTION: Information That We Collect About You or Your Child]
As we are an application and service that helps improve the wellness of young children
(including, but not limited to, behavior, feeding, bathroom, activities, temperament,
personality and the length and quality of their sleep), we must collect some information
about them. We will also collect some information about you, the child's parent or
guardian since you will be the user of the Products.

---

[SECTION: Information About You That We Collect From You]
1. When you register for one of our Products, we ask you for and collect your name,
email address, and password for your Account.

---

2. Information that we may ask for about your child used strictly and confidentially to
provide the sleep and behavioral improvement services are:
A. Your child's name.
B. Your child's age and birthdate.
C. Your child's gender.
D. The time zone where your child resides.
E. Your child's daily activities including but not limited to:
i. Your child's sleep patterns and how he or she falls asleep or wakes up.
ii. How your child is cared for during the day.
iii. Scheduling information such as when your child eats meals, activities, when
the child gets ready for bed and when the child is first put down to sleep.
iv. Your child's eating habits and feeding schedules.
v. Temperament.
vi. Bathroom habits.
vii. Other child development and behavioral improvement markers and
behaviors.
F. Information that you voluntarily provide to us about your child.

---

4. If you choose to register for one of our Products with Facebook, we will collect
your name and email address from Facebook, and any other information provided or
disclosed to you during the Facebook registration process.

---

[PAGE BREAK]
5. Specific Products may ask you for and collect additional information, such as your
date of birth or phone number (to assist with customer service).

---

6. If you choose to add information to your user profile, we will collect that
information.

---

7. When you register for our newsletter, we ask you for and collect your name and
email address.

---

8. If you choose to participate in a survey, we may ask for and collect other
requested information, such as your opinion of Huckleberry or your phone number.

---

9. If you choose to contact us by sending us an email, fax, or letter, we collect your
email address, fax number, or mailing address, and any information contained in the
email, fax, or letter you send us.

---

10. When you pay for one of our Products, we collect your complete credit card or
other payment method information. We do not store such information.

---

[SECTION: Information About You That Is Created When You Use Our Products]
1. When you use our Products, we record certain information automatically, for
example your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type and plugins, operating
systems, screen size and resolution, the time and date at which you access our
Products, and an estimate of your geographic location.

---

2. When you use our Products, we record actions you have taken in our Products, for
example what buttons you click; events that occur; and your usage, progress, and
performance data.

---

[SECTION: How We Get and Store Information About You]
1. Our website uses “Cookies” and other standard web technology to enable our
Products to work. A “Cookie” is a small data file that we store on your computer. We
may use session Cookies (which expire once you close your browser) or persistent
Cookies (which remain on your computer for an extended period of time). We set a
persistent Cookie on your computer, so you don't have to log in to the web site each
time you visit and to automatically populate personal profile information as well as
provide personalization of the website including in other apps of our Products if you
choose to open an account in more than one app in our Products. Most web
browsers accept Cookies by default, but allow users to reject Cookies by changing
the browser preferences. If you have set up your browser to reject Cookies, our
Products will not work properly. In addition, our Products may cause Cookies from
third party sites or applications to be saved on your browser or device. Our Privacy
Policy does not cover these third party Cookies since we do not have any control
over them. Finally, we may partner with third parties to manage our advertising on
other sites. More specifically, we may use Google, Microsoft, Facebook or other
providers to place advertisements on different sites across the Internet. Such third
parties may use technologies such as Cookies to gather information about your
activities on the Products and other sites you visit in order to provide you advertising
based upon your browsing activities and interests.

---

2. Our emails to you use email beacons or tracking pixels. Email beacons and
tracking pixels are small electronic images that tell us if an email has been opened
and acted upon.

---

3. Our Products on mobile phones and tablets store information about you on your
mobile phone or tablet.

---

4. Our Products store information about you on computer servers and databases
managed by us and hosted by several third party companies.

---

[SECTION: How We Use Information About You]
3. We may create Anonymous Information from your Personal Information, for
example by making a copy of the data collected by or created in our Products that is
not linked to your Personal Information. We reserve the right to use and disclose
Anonymous Information at our discretion.

---

[PAGE BREAK]
5. We may use personal information and data collected in one app to automatically
populate our other apps should you choose to open an account in more than one
app of our Products.

---

[SECTION: Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information]
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal
Information.

---

[SECTION: Regarding Children]
Except as to the collection of data regarding your child to effectively use our Products
(as set forth above), our Products are not directed to individuals under 13 and we do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 except as to that
information that is voluntarily provided by a child's parent or guardian to run and
improve the Products. This is different from information that may be provided by
children under the age of 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with
personal information, please contact us at support@huckleberry-labs.com.

---

[SECTION: Do Not Track Compliance]
We do track your use of the Products over time because such tracking is required for us
to track your progress through the Products and provide you with functionality in the
Products that are tailored to you. Therefore our Products do not respond to Do Not
Track ("DNT") signals. We do not track the users of our Products across third party
websites to provide targeted advertising directly to those websites. We do use
advertising networks to present ads on third party sites, and those advertising networks
and those third party sites may keep track of your browsing activities when they serve
you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. (For more
information, see the section entitled “How We Get and Store Information About You”,
above.) If you are visiting such advertising networks or third party sites, your browser
allows you to set the DNT signal so those groups (particularly advertisers) know you do
not want to be tracked. You can find out more about your browser's tracking capabilities
and procedures for asking not to be tracked by contacting the developer or distributor
of your particular browser.

---

[PAGE BREAK]
Products. Third party providers of such third party websites, products, services, or
content may collect (via tracking technologies like Cookies or web beacons) and use
information regarding your interaction with the third party website, product, service, or
content that they deliver and with which you interact.

---

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SECURITY SAFEGUARDS, BY THEIR NATURE, ARE
CAPABLE OF CIRCUMVENTION AND HUCKLEBERRY DOES NOT AND CANNOT
GUARANTEE THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL NOT BE ACCESSED BY
UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS CAPABLE OF OVERCOMING SUCH SAFEGUARDS. IN
PARTICULAR, OUR PRODUCTS MAY BE USED TO ACCESS AND TRANSFER
INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, OVER THE INTERNET.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT HUCKLEBERRY DOES NOT OPERATE OR
CONTROL THE INTERNET AND THAT UNAUTHORIZED USERS (SUCH AS HACKERS)
MAY USE VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, AND OTHER UNDESIRABLE DATA
AND SOFTWARE TO OBTAIN ACCESS TO OR DAMAGE OUR SITES, PRODUCTS, OR
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.