Personal information
In order to operate the Site in an efficient and effective manner and provide users with information on
astrology services & products that may be of interest to them, Astroyogi.com may collect personal
information, including contact information (such as an email address), from its users. In addition, this
information allows us to provide users with relevant astrological details. We also automatically track certain
information based upon your behavior on the Site and use this information to do internal research on our
users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve users in general.
---
All users should be aware, however, that when they voluntarily display or distribute personal information
(such as their email address), that information can be collected and used by others. This may result in
unsolicited messages from third parties for which Astroyogi.com is not responsible. Also, you may have
arrived at this Web site by following a link from any other affiliate. If so, please be aware that Astroyogi.com
may share your information with that affiliate and the affiliate may use the information consistent with its
privacy policy instead of this one.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Astroyogi.com may also disclose specific user information when we determine that such disclosure is
necessary to comply with the law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect
the interests or safety of Astroyogi.com or other users of the Site. In addition, personal information we have
collected may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets or a bankruptcy
of Astroyogi.com
---
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may
use information about you and your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on
this site and other sites about goods and services of interest to you.
---
The information user provides us
Many of our services require users to sign up for an Astroyogi Account. We would require some personal
information, like user name, email address, phone number, Country, GPS Location and Birth Date for the
same.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
For ensuring an enhanced and customised user experience, we also ask users to update their Gender, Birth
Location, Astrology topics (Love, Relationship e.t.c) and Current Location.
---
Usage information
We also track and collect information about user interaction, like when an app is installed, a Recharge is
done to Wallet, a Consultation is made with Astrologer, a rating is provided to Astrologer. This information
includes:
---
Device information
We collect device-specific information (such as unique device identifiers, and mobile network information).
Astroyogi may associate user device identifiers or phone number with their Astroyogi Account.
---
Location information
When a user avail Astroyogi services, we may collect and process information about their actual location. We
use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may.
---
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on user's device using
mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
---
Cookies and similar technologies
We use various technologies to collect and store information when the user browse the website or app, and
this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify their browser or device and also for
marketing purposes. Our product Talk to Astrologer keep track of user's session to retain their information for
multiple days without getting logged out.
---
Browser notification preference
We ask for browser notification preference for delivering the browser-based notification directly to the device.
The user is free to enable or disable this preference and permission at any point of time.
---
How we use the information which we collect
We use the information we collect for: research and development, marketing, product analysis and also to
ensure the best user experience. We also use this information to offer users tailored Astrology content - like
giving them relevant Horoscopes, Astrology content, Astrologers to Talk, Vastu and Spirituality domain results.
We may use the name user provide in their Astroyogi Profile across all of the services we offer that require a
Astroyogi Account. In addition, we may replace multiple names associated with user's Astroyogi Account so
that they are represented consistently across all our services. Other users of Astrologers cannot view or have
a name, email, photo or other information that has already been claimed by a user.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
When a user sign In Astroyogi, we keep a record of their communication with Astrologers to help they reach
most relevant Astrologers who can provide consultation for specific issues or concerns. We may use user's
email address to inform them about our services, such as letting them know about upcoming changes or
improvements.
---
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like IP Address and Location to localize
the overall quality of our services. We use Current Location of the user in Talk to Astrologer services to
display our pricing in their prefered currency. For example, by saving user's current Location or country
preferences, we'll be able to have show their preferred payment gateway.