1.1 This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and store personal data relating to the
BandLab website, any BandLab mobile and desktop app, and any related players, widgets, tools,
applications, data, software, APIs and platforms (collectively, the "Services").

---

• Information we collect

---

2. Information we collect

---

A. The following is Information which you provide to us directly:

---

2.1. Registration Information

---

2.1.1. When you register an account on the Services, we may collect Information such as your name,
password, email address, and social network ID (if you have signed up using a social network account
(e.g. Facebook or Google)).

---

2.2. Profile Information

---

2.2.1. In addition to your name and username, which are automatically displayed on your profile
page, you may provide additional Information on your profile page such as your profile picture (if not
already available via your sign up using your Social Network ID), date of birth, gender, location and
other information about yourself and your interests.

---

2.3. Content which you upload to the Services, which allows others to identify you (e.g. photos of you,
audio recordings or text containing your name, voice, status updates, comments on content which
refer to you).

---

2.4. Communications between you and us (e.g. your reply to our service updates, emails to you, and
support tickets).

---

B. The following is Information which other users provide about you:

---

2.5. Content which others upload to the Services which allows you to be identified (e.g. photos of you,
audio recordings or text containing your name, status updates, comments on content which refer to
you).

---

C. Other Information which we receive when running the Services:

---

2.6. Information

---

2.6.1. We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services.
These tools collect information sent by your device including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and
other information that assists us in improving the Services. We collect and use this analytics
information with analytics information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to
identify any particular individual user.

---

2.7. Cookies and similar technologies

---

2.7.1. The Services may contain "cookies", clear gifs (also known as "web beacons" or "web bugs"), or
similar technology. A cookie is a piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser, which will store the
cookie on your computer if your browser is enabled to accept cookies, or where you are a resident of
the European Economic Area, if you have provided your consent to the use of cookies.

---

2.7.2. The Services use cookies, clear gifs, frames, server log analysis and other technologies as they
are developed to customise your experience with our website and Services. Most Internet browsers
will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive
a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions or "Help" screen to
learn more about how to manage cookies. Please note, however, that if you block cookies, some
services and portions of this website may not function properly.

---

2.8. Log file information

---

2.8.1. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to
access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of a web page or app
is downloaded to your browser or device.

---

2.8.2. When you use the Services, our servers automatically record certain log file information,
including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and
URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Services, domain names, landing pages,
pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent
to our users which then helps us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by
recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Services.

---

2.9. Device identifiers

---

2.9.1. When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access the Services, we may access,
collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device
identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile
device, that uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection
with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other
software, or data sent to the device by us.

---

3.1.2 Some processing is necessary for our legitimate interests. We have a legitimate interest in
ensuring you follow our Terms of Use (https://blog.bandlab.com/terms-of-use/), administering and
protecting our business, managing our relationship with you and communicating to you about your
account registration, the status of the Services and how to set up your account, improving our
products and the Services, providing personalised content to you, collecting statistical information

---

about your use of the Services, providing advertising (including personalised advertising where you
consent to this, on the basis of the information advertising partners provide us) and preventing abuse
or illegal activity on our platform.

---

3.2 Generally, we collect and use Information for the following purposes:
a) To allow you, and those whom you have given permissions to, to access content and
Information which you have uploaded;
b) To identify you with content which you have uploaded;
c) To remember Information so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you use the
Services;
d) To provide personalised content to you and others such as Followers and Band Members or
other interest segment updates, personalised online advertisements and offers or other forms of
marketing like emails about products, services and other information you might be interested in.
We may also contact you for market research purposes (where required by law, we will collect
your consent to do so);
e) To test, improve and monitor the Services, including diagnosing and fixing technology
problems, and including use as part of our API;
f) To provide you with BandLab features and other updates, respond to your feedback, answer
your queries and to otherwise communicate with you;
g) To allow other users (including Band Members) to communicate with you to the extent that
enable this feature (e.g. by activating Chat in BandLab or by opting in to a Band Member's
updates);
h) To monitor metrics such as site traffic, usage and demographic patterns;
i) To automatically update the BandLab application on your device;
j) To serve or display promotions on other users' profiles and their posts that are likely to be of
interest to you;
k) To track the effectiveness of our advertising and promotions (such as measuring how many
people view or click on an advertisement, or users' profile or post) and for their attribution,
analytics and reporting;
1) To make music programming decisions and to comply with copyright reporting obligations;
m) To process payments made by or to you;
n) To make any of your content available to the public if you choose to do so; and
o) To comply with applicable rules, laws, regulations, codes of practice or guidelines issued by
any legal or regulatory bodies which are binding on us.

---

d) Analytics Services: We may use third party analytics providers and products to obtain,
compile and analyse Information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log
files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data), and may provide such Information to
these analytics providers for the purpose of obtaining statistics and other information about
how users are using and interacting with the Services. One of our analytics providers is Google
Analytics and more information on their privacy policy is available at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.

---

5.1. We (or others on our behalf) may transfer your Information to other countries in which our facilities
or businesses are located, to be stored or processed. We will ensure that where we transfer your
personal data outside of Singapore, the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area, we will put
in place all necessary safeguards to protect that personal data, in accordance with applicable data
protection laws. This includes the entities' making of reasonable security arrangements to prevent
unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risk to your
Information, and removing the Information as soon as it is reasonable to assume that its retention is
no longer necessary.

---

6.1. We do not knowingly collect Information from children under the age of 13 without parental
consent. If you are a child under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to use the Services and should
not send any Information about yourself to us through the Services.

---

6.2. In the event that we become aware that we have collected Information from any child, we will
delete that Information. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age
of 13 years has provided us with Information without your consent, please email us at
privacy@bandlab.com and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such Information is deleted
from our systems.

---

a) Right to be informed: This right means that when we ask you to provide us with your
Information, we will give you details such as what we are using it for, how and with whom it will
be shared, and how you may contact us if you have any queries;

---

h) Right not to be subject to automatic decision-making, including profiling: We sometimes use
computers to study and analyse Information. We might do this so we can understand how you,
and other visitors, are using the Services. This allows us to improve the Services for better
customer experience e.g. by providing personalised content and marketing to you. For situations
that may significantly impact you, you have the right to ask us not to do this; and