Fever drives users to consume experiential entertainment by providing curated
events based on its proprietary analytics of data insights and any information that relates to and identifies our
users and customers ("Personal Data" or "Personal Information"), and drive traffic and provide an avenue for
spontaneous discovery for event organisers (the "Services").

---
2. Our values and why do you need to read this Global Privacy Notice
We value your privacy and want to be accountable, fair and transparent with you in the way that we collect
and process your Personal Data. Our overall aim is to ensure that our collection and use of your Personal Data
is appropriate to the provision of the Services and is in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We
also want you to know your rights in relation to your Personal Data which you can find in section 13.

---
In line with these values, this Privacy Notice informs you what to expect when we collect and use Personal
Data about you. We have tried to make it easy for you to navigate so you can find the information that is most
relevant and our relationship with you.
This Privacy Notice explains what information we collect, how we use it, and your rights over your Personal
Data. We may collect your Personal Data when you use:
Our websites at www.feverup.com www.secretmedianetwork.com
Fever Apps

---
these explanations will help you to understand what specific personal data Fever collects, uses or
shares about you for that product or service;

---
3. Children
We do not and will not knowingly collect information from any unsupervised child under the age of 13. If you
are under the age of 13, you may not use the Services unless your parent/s or guardian has provided us with
their express authorization for your use of the Services.

---
4. What type of Personal Data we may collect and use about you?
Fever wants to provide as much detailed information as possible regarding what Personal Data we may
collect and use:

---
Type of Personal Data
Details
Information you give us
Information collected
from your use of our
Services
We may collect information you provide when you:
register and create an account to use the Platform or any of our Services;
contact or correspond with our user support team (phone, email or even
through the App);
→ fill in any forms;
→ respond to any of our surveys;
→ subscribe to our newsletters or enter a competition, sweepstake or
promotions;
→ share information with us on social media.
We may collect the following Personal Data and additional information:
•
•
•
your name and surname;
email address;
phone number (if you add it to your profile);
date of birth (if you add it to your profile);
location based in IP address or details of the device you use;
your profile picture (image) if you create a Fever account using social
login;
records of our conversations and messages, if you contact us or we
contact you (including records of phone calls)
• your image and/or voice in photo or video form
If you provide us Personal Data about other people (such as the attendees
with whom you are going to attend an experience or event), you confirm that
you have brought this privacy notice to their attention beforehand.
Whenever you use our Platform, we may collect the following information:
•
•
Technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address
used to connect your computer, mobile device or tablet to the
internet, your login information, the browser type and version, the
time zone setting, device language, the operating system and
platform the type of device you use, whether your device uses a
virtual private network (VPN), a unique device identifier (example:
your device's IMEI number), mobile network information, your mobile
operating system and the type of mobile browser you use.
Information about your visit, interests and preferences, including the
links you've clicked on, through and from Platform (including date
and time), services you viewed or searched for, page responses times,
download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction
information (such as scrolling and clicks), and methods used to
browse away from the page.
• Details and information about the transactions such as the tickets
purchased;
•
Social media information when logging in with your social media
credentials, such as Facebook or Google (please read carefully their
privacy policies for a better understanding of the Personal Data they
provide to Fever, detailed in the section called "Third parties or
publicly available sources").

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Information about your
location
Information from others
Information from third
parties or publicly
available sources
Information stored on your device, including if you give us access to
contact information from your contacts list (only if you have given us
permission)
If you turn on location services, we may track your location using GPS
technology (you can configure whether this functionality is active only during
the use of the Fever app).
We may collect Personal Data from third parties or other people, such as fraud
prevention agencies and partners who help us to provide our Services.
We may collect Personal Data about you from various third parties as set out
below:
Third-Party Social Login Account: if you log into the Services through a
third-party account such as Facebook or Google, we will collect certain
information relating to your account from those third parties (including
your name, profile image, age group, gender and other information
available on your public profile), your date of birth and your email address.
You can manage the information data which is shared by such third
parties with us by amending your preferences through using the privacy
settings which these third parties provide on their platforms.
Technical Data: (i) analytics providers based inside and outside the EU,
such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics; (ii) advertising networks
based inside and outside the EU, such as Facebook Audience Network;
and (iii) search information providers, based in the EU, such as Adobe
Audience Manager. For further information about how each of these
parties collect and process your data, please see the "Third-Party
advertising companies" section below.
Contact and Transactional Data: We may receive contact and
transactional data from payment service providers;
Third-Party Services: Some third parties provide certain services within
our Platform, such as facilitating and administering user feedback forms,
newsletter subscriptions, and competitions.

---
It is required for our legitimate interests. We sometimes collect and use your Personal Data
because we have a reason to use it and this is reasonable when balanced against your rights and
freedoms.

---
It is permitted because you have provided your consent to us. Where you've agreed to us
collecting your Personal Data, for example when you tick a box to indicate you're happy for us to use
your Personal Data in a certain way (send newsletter with promotions, discounts or new experiences
or events or share your Personal Data with the event organiser for marketing purposes).

---
It is required in order for us to comply with legal obligations. In some cases, we have a legal
responsibility to collect and store your Personal Data (for example, under tax regulations we must
retain certain information about transactions and our customers).

---
Where we need to collect Personal Data in order to comply with a legal obligation or under the terms of
a contract or agreement we have with you and you fail to provide that Personal Data when requested,
we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (in this case, to
provide you with the Services). In this case, we may have to cancel the Services but we will notify you if
this is the case at the time.

---
Provision of personalised recommendations and content within the
Services by collecting data about you in order to build a profile of your
preferences based on your activity when you use the Services. The Services
cannot be provided to you without this profiling. If you wish to object to this

---
Analyse and enhance the information that we collect, your use of the
Services to improve them or develop new ones, including but not limited to
our content, features, scheduling, technology and events;

---
Use your IP addresses and device location to identify the location of users
and block any unauthorised users;

---
We collect anonymised statistical datasets and details about visitors to our
website and about our users' transactions patterns for the purposes of
aggregate statistics, data analytics, dashboards and insights, reporting
purposes and to understand how our users use our Services. These datasets
may be shared internally or externally with others, including our partners.
However, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised
details we have collected for these purposes.

---
Where you have given us your express consent for other specific data
processing actions, we will use your data for such actions.

---
6. How do we use your Personal Data for marketing?
If you sign up to our Services, and where national laws allow, we'll assume you want to be contacted by push
notifications, email and text message with information about Fever services, new events or experiences, offers
and promotions. Where national data protection laws require us to get your consent to send marketing
communications, we'll do so in advance.
We use your Personal Data to personalise marketing communications about our Services so they are more
relevant and interesting to you (where allowed by law). This may include analysing how you use our Services
and your ticket transactions.

---
6.1 Experience discovery and recommendation
We may process your name, contact details, and the data on the Services used by you to suggest which
experiences available on the Platform may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased a
ticket on our Platform or provided us with your details when you entered a sweepstake, giveaway, competition
or registered for a promotion, and in each case, you have not opted out of receiving such marketing
communications.

---
In addition, we may share your Personal Data (limited to name, surname and email address) with a sponsor,
event organiser or venue for a Fever-organised Experience. These third parties will be clearly identified in the
Experience you decide to join and/or participate. In those cases, either We or the third-party may gather your
consent during or after the Experience for any processing of Personal Data, in addition to sending marketing
communications electronically about its products and/or services. Please read carefully any clause and/or
privacy notices provided by the third-party before providing additional Personal Data and/or your consent.

---
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing communications, please note that this will not apply to
Personal Data we collect and its necessary for the proper provision of our Services. Therefore, you will continue
to receive service communications related to the functionality and/or administration of our Services. For
instance, as mentioned above, you may receive notifications about updates to our Services or changes in our
legal terms.

---
6.4 Third-party advertising companies
We aim to ensure that our advertising and marketing remain relevant and interesting to you. To achieve this,
we use third-party advertising and technology companies as data processors to serve ads and/or provide
aggregated data to assist in ad delivery when you visit or use our Services. This includes third-party
technology companies that collect data about you to create a profile of your preferences based on your
interactions when you use our Services. These companies also automatically collect data when you use our
Services to assist us identify the ads that are served to you and what you do after seeing those ads. In addition,
we also share data with providers of web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, which we use to analyse
your use of the Services.
These third-party advertising companies collect, store and use data by integrating cookies and other tracking
technologies on our Services.
In some cases, these third parties may also use the data that they collect for their own purposes. For instance
they may aggregate your data with other information they hold and use it to inform advertising-related
services provided to other clients or collaborate with other advertising companies and share your Personal
Data as part of the process.

---
Please see our Cookie Notice for more information on the third-party advertising companies which collect,
use and store data about you, and the use of cookies and other tracking technologies implemented on our
Services. From our Cookie Notice, you can also learn how to exercise control over this data collection and
usage. If you choose to restrict or prevent tracking for these purposes, the advertising you see when you visit
or use our Services will no longer be tailored to your preferences.

---
Other Fever users: given the nature of our Services, other Fever users may be able to access or view
certain Personal Data in connection with your participation in an experience or event. In addition, we
may ask you to let us sync your mobile phone contacts in order to share with them previously purchased
tickets or send them discount codes, among other purposes.

---
9. Cookies and tracking technologies
We use cookies to analyse how you use our Services. In addition, pixels, web beacons, tags and scripts may be
used by Fever and our partners, affiliates, analytics or service providers. These technologies are used for
measuring performance of our email campaigns, analysing trends, administering the Services, analytics and
tracking users' behaviours regarding the Services and to gather demographic information about our user
base as a whole. We receive reports and build internal dashboards based on the use of these technologies on
an individual as well as aggregated basis.

---
9.1 What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer or mobile device, which enable Fever features,
functionalities and allow the Websites or App, among other things, store and retrieve information about the
number of visits, browsing habits of the user or your device and, depending on the information they contain
and the way you use your device, can be used to recognize the user. They are unique to your account or your
browser. Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you
close your browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.

---
9.2 How is Fever using cookies?
Some cookies are associated with your account and personal data to remember that you are logged in and
which workspaces you are logged into. Other cookies are not tied to your account but are unique and allow us
to carry out analytics and customization, among other similar things.
Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit a Website or use our Services, remember your
preferences, and give you a personalized experience that is consistent with your settings. Cookies also make
your interactions faster and more secure.

---
Categories of use:
•
•
•
•
•
•
Authentication: If you're signed into the Services, cookies help Fever show you the right information
and personalize your experience.
Security and functionalities: Fever uses cookies to enable and support security features, and to
help detect malicious activity. They are strictly necessary, and used by Fever to allow you to navigate
through the Websites and use the different options or Services that exist in them. For example, these
cookies help Fever identify the session, access restricted parts, remember the elements that
integrate an order, process the purchase order, use security features while browsing or store,
disseminate and / or share content.
Personalization, Preferences, features, and services: Cookies denote which language you prefer
and what your communications preferences are. They can help fill out forms on our Websites and
Apps more easily. They also provide you with features, insights, and customized content.
Marketing: Fever may use cookies to help deliver marketing campaigns and track their
performance (e.g., a user visited feverup.com and then made a ticket purchase). Similarly, Fever's
partners may use cookies to provide us with information about your interactions with their services,
but use of those third-party cookies would be subject to the service provider's policies. They help to
manage content relevance more efficiently based on your preferences and to refine and improve
product offerings aligned with your interests.
Performance, Analytics, and Research: Cookies help Fever learn how well the Websites, Apps and
Services perform. Fever also uses cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features,
and services, including to create logs and record when you access our Websites, Apps and Services
from different devices, such as your work computer or your mobile device. This includes creating user
navigation profiles on the Websites and Apps with the goal of implementing enhancements of our
Services. Google Analytics is an example included in this category.
Social Cookies and Pixels:
Ο
Ο
Social Cookies: These may be used to enable you to share our content with your friends and
networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other websites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites
you visit. If you do not allow these technologies you may not be able to use or see these sharing
tools. This category includes Facebook
Pixels: These are small, virtually invisible, pixel-sized programs hosted on our Websites or Apps
that create a link between your visit to our Websites or Apps and a third party. When the pixel is
loaded, the third party places a cookie on your device for analytical and advertising purposes.

---
9.3 What categories of personal data does Fever process?
While the specific data collected and processed through cookies may differ based on your individual settings
and preferences, we typically gather the following information related to your usage and device:
•
The date and time you last accessed our Websites,
The pages or content you engaged with during your initial visit to our Websites,
The language setting you prefer to use by default,
Details about your device, such as the type and model, the operating system and its version, the
type of browser and its configuration, your IP address or another unique identifier for your device,
and a unique token for your device,

---
•
Information categorizing you as a user, which might include your behavior, likes and dislikes, or
purchasing history.

---
If you consent to the activation of personalization cookies, we may integrate your personal information with
other data to create a profile of your interests and activities.

---
Third-Party Cookies: These cookies come from external sources, not our Websites. They are often
employed by our advertising or analytics partners (eg. Google, Meta, etc.) to follow your activity across
various sites, which allows for personalized advertising and helps gather broad usage statistics.
Ο
Read more about how Google handles personal information

---
9.5 Cookie retention period
The data collected from the installation of cookies will be used strictly for the duration required to achieve the
specified purposes, based on the cookie type:

---
9.6 Information sharing from cookies
Depending on your consent to the use of certain cookies, the data gathered via cookies may be shared with
selected partners and service providers who assist us with various functions, such as website analytics,
advertising, and improving user experience.

---
To exercise these rights, you can contact Fever using the details provided above. Please note that to process
your request, we may need to ask you for more personal information to identify you. In that specific case we
will ask for it via email, and will only maintain it for the purpose of managing your request and then we will
duly block it until the prescription of any potential legal liabilities.

---
11. Data Retention
We will keep your Personal Data for as long as necessary to achieve the original purposes we collected it for
and in compliance with applicable and relevant laws. Even after termination of the purpose for which your
Personal Data was collected or upon receipt of a deletion request, we may need to continue to retain your
Personal Data in accordance with data retention periods that vary from country to country, regulatory
requirements or in order to resolve pending disputes, ongoing court claims or enforce our agreements.

---
12. Personal Data from third data subjects
In the event that, in connection with the purchase of a ticket for an experience or event, it is necessary or you
voluntarily provide us with the Personal Data of friends, relatives or other attendees, you guarantee and are
responsible for having correctly informed them regarding the processing of their Personal Data by Fever and
the organiser of the event, in accordance with the terms set forth in this Privacy Notice.

---
•
Be told and obtain information regarding how we use your Personal Data.

---
14. Third-party sites
The Services contain links and pages to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that this Privacy
Notice applies only to the Personal Data that we collect through the Services and we cannot be responsible
for Personal Data that third parties may collect, store and use through their websites. You should always read
carefully the Privacy Notices of each website you visit.

---
Personal Data is obtained from sources with unrestricted public access;

---
Fever will collect, use, and disclose your Personal Data in accordance with section 5 of
this Privacy Notice, solely for the purposes outlined herein. Fever utilises Amazon Web
Services (Ireland) as its service provider for storing your Personal Data.

---
Fever will collect, use, and disclose your Personal information in accordance with
section 5 of this Privacy Notice, solely for the purposes outlined herein. Fever utilises
Amazon Web Services (Ireland) as its service provider for storing your Personal Data.

---
Fever will collect, use, and disclose your Personal information in accordance with
section 5 of this Privacy Notice, solely for the purposes outlined herein. Fever utilises
Amazon Web Services (Ireland) as its service provider for storing your Personal Data.

---
Collection or processing of personal data is authorised by law.
• Personal data is obtained from sources with unrestricted public access.

---
Please note that you can only request erasure of personal information, discontinuation
of data processing, or discontinuation of transfer of personal information when the
purpose of use is found to have been violated, the personal information was collected
illegally, or your consent was obtained illegally.

---
Collection or processing of personal data is authorised by law.
Personal data is obtained from sources with unrestricted public access.

---
Collection or processing of personal data is authorised by law;
Personal data is obtained from sources with unrestricted public access;

---
Collection or processing of personal data is authorised by law;
• When the processing is necessary for archival purposes or for scientific,
historical and statistical studies in accordance with the applicable legislation in
the UAE.
• When the processing is related to the personal data that has become publicly
available and known by your actions.