This privacy statement ("Policy") describes how Bubadu
collects and uses the personal information and/or data (the
terms are used interchangeably) (the “Information") you
provide. It also describes the choices available to you
regarding our use of your Information and your rights.

---
TO OFFER OUR SERVICES
We process your data so that you can play the games, make in-
app purchases, receive local notifications and use other
functionalities available within the Apps. Legal basis: contract
performance. Data collected: as stated in the “The data we
collect" section of this Policy.

---
We engage third party ad network providers ("Advertising
Providers") who assist us in delivering advertisements (banners,
interstitials, rewarded videos) to you. We have integrated
Advertising Providers' SDKs (a piece of code) into our Apps
enabling us to connect ad networks to run in-app ads and to
collect the Information needed to display advertisements. The
Information is used for ad serving features such as frequency
capping (so that you are not displayed with the same ad twice
etc.) and ad mediation. The Information may be stored on your
device through generally accepted industry technologies used
within our Apps (such as local storage).

---
Cross promotion. We use your Information for cross promoting
our Apps and Services, meaning to promote one of our Apps and
Services while you are playing a different App of ours.

Legal basis: legitimate interests in order to offer our Apps and
Services. Data collected: as stated in the 'The data we collect'
section of this Policy.

---
Information collected by third
parties, which may include such things as location information or
contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. These
other websites or services may place their own cookies or other
files on your computing device, collect information or solicit
personal information from you. We encourage you to learn about
the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact. We
are not responsible or liable for your interaction with such third
parties, the information requests initiated by such third parties,
or the subsequent use, treatment or dissemination of the
information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.

---
FOR INTERNAL ANALYTICS AND DIAGNOSTICS
We check how you use our Apps and Services with the help of
third party analytics providers (the “Analytics Providers") and by
processing Analytical Information (please see section "The data
we collect" of this Policy) to constantly improve our Apps and
make them better for you. With the help of identifiers, such as
analytics IDs, namely, Bubadu Identifier, Firebase Installation ID,
App Set ID (Android) and IDFV (iOS) assigned to your device we
can collect Analytical Information and use it to understand and
optimize how our Apps are used, improve our marketing efforts,
provide content and features that are of interest to you, and
conduct statistics, analytics, research and development in order
to continuously improve our Apps and make them better for you.
This includes correcting technical malfunctions, customization,
providing better and improved content, developing new offers,
measuring traffic and usage of our Apps, promoting the Apps
and improving the user experience. We do not process any
information which could directly identify you. We use data log
files (IP address, app version, date, OS version, requests, states
etc.) and information about your activity within the Apps for
internal analytics to improve our Apps.

---
We check Apps info and the performance of the Apps on your
device for diagnostics purposes. We use information, such as
battery life, loading time, latency, frame rate or any technical
diagnostics. This information helps us improve our Apps by
diagnosing and fixing bugs or crashes and making future
performance improvements.

Legal basis: legitimate interests in order to improve our Apps.
Data collected: Analytical Information, Technical information, as
stated in the ‘The data we collect section' of this Policy.

---
FOR SAFETY AND SECURITY
We use your Information to enhance the safety and security of
our Apps, products and Services, to help us detect and prevent
fraudulent activity. Legal basis: legitimate interests, to enable us
to offer a safe and secure service. Data collected: As stated in
the 'Technical Information' of this Policy within the 'The data we
collect' section.

---
FOR CUSTOMER SUPPORT
We use your Information to respond to any queries you send to
our email support@bubadu.com. Legal basis: contract
performance. Data collected: email address.

---
III. THE DATA WE COLLECT
DIRECTLY IDENTIFIABLE DATA
EMAIL ADDRESS. We do not collect your email address in order
to enable you to use our Apps and Services. However, we use
your email to respond to an inquiry received at our email
address, namely support@bubadu.com.

---
INDIRECTLY IDENTIFIABLE DATA
To protect your privacy we process your Information with the
help of identifiers (Bubadu Identifier, IP address, analytics
identifiers) that do not identify you personally but may uniquely
identify your device.

IP ADDRESS. We will collect your IP address on third party web
servers for security reasons to help us detect and prevent
fraudulent activity and to get the country information needed
for cross promotion.

ANALYTICS IDENTIFIER. The analytics provider Firebase
Analytics (GA4F) automatically generates and assigns a Firebase
Installation ID (app-installation ID) to identify a unique
installation of our App. The Firebase Installation ID is used to
compute your metrics throughout analytics. The analytics
provider Singular uses analytics identifiers, namely App Set ID

---
(Android) and IDFV (iOS). We use Bubadu Identifier to perform
analytics for cross promotion purposes.

BUBADU IDENTIFIER. We use our own identifier to perform
cross promotion (“Bubadu Identifier"). Bubadu Identifier is a
random string in a text file on your device that uniquely
identifies your device but not you personally. When sent to our
server, it will be coded in a way that we will not be able to decode
it and will be deleted after 3 days or 1 month and 3 days if back
upped to our server.

---
TECHNICAL DATA
We collect technical information about your device that is
necessary for you to use our Apps and additional technical data
that enables us to maintain and analyze the functioning of the
Apps, personalize the content of the Apps, and display contextual
advertisements.

Technical information that we collect is IP address (location:
country or region, not specific enough to identify a street),
language (language set on the device and not based on location)
information about your device (device type, version and type of
operating system, mobile phone carrier, screen resolution,
network provider, network status, SDK version, API key,
application version, Android or iOS Vendor, storage size, screen
size, firmware), data log files from servers (IP address, app
version, date, OS version, requests, states etc.), session
information, levels achieved and in-app purchases.

---
ADVERTISING DATA

---
We have integrated Advertising Providers' SDKs (a piece of code)
into our Apps enabling us to connect ad networks to run in-app
ads and to collect the Information needed to display
advertisements such as IP address, location data (specific
enough to identify a state for cross promo ads and city for

---
analytics), raw data log files on servers (IP address, date, time,
requests, state etc.), data about the add (campaign id, creative,
country, Bubadu Identifier (not shared with advertisers), date,
timestamp, app, orientation, store, status of the ad – requested,
loaded, displayed, clicked ad). Contextual advertising can come
from the type of device being used, the game/app genre, or the
selected language.

---
We analyze advertisement response (including clicks on ads, if it
originated a follow-up action to a third party e.g., "conversion"
event), which advertisements are shown, the date and time a
particular ad is served, angle view, and information about the
advertisements reviewed by the user.

---
Our Advertising Providers collect data regarding advertisement
performance, user interaction with ads and our Apps. For more
information please read the section “Who has access to your
data".

---
We use StoreKit Ad Network, or SKAdNetwork, a privacy-centric
API operated by Apple. It helps ad networks and advertisers
measure their ad activity (such as impressions, clicks, and app
installs) on an aggregated level.

---
CROSS PROMOTION DATA
We use our own identifier to perform cross promotion (the
"Bubadu Identifier"). Bubadu Identifier is a random string in a text
file on your device, a persistent identifier that permits
identification of your device. When sent to our server, it will be
coded in a way that we will not be able to decode it and
automatically deleted after 3 days or 1 month and 3 days.

To perform cross promotion we use the following information:
Campaign_id, creative_id, country_id, Bubadu Identifier, date,
timestamp, app_id, orientation, store, status (requested, loaded,
displayed, clicked).

---
ANALYTICS DATA

---
We perform analytics with the help of identifiers, namely IP
address and analytics provider's unique ID, namely, Firebase
Installation ID assigned to your device for Google Analytics, App
Set ID (Android) and IDFV (iOS) for Singular and Bubadu Identifier.

---
We log basic events so that we can understand your actions
within the Apps (gaming level reached, first opened the app, how
many items you bought, in which currency etc.), we see system
events or errors, we track metrics such as user engagement and
behavior per screen so that we can improve the App and make it
more appealing, we can see how many users installed our App in
a specific country etc.

---
We analyze characteristics obtained by your use, such as data
about Apps you used, any actions or movements within the Apps,
date and time, response times, download errors, length of visits,
interaction information such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-
overs, what tools in the Apps you use, your interaction with the
service and your behavior on the service, average nr. of seen ads,
most watched rewarded videos placement, session time,
retention, average minigame time, earnings in minigames, bought
items, most popular items etc.

---
We check Apps info and the performance of the Apps on your
device for diagnostics purposes. We use information such as
battery life, loading time, latency, frame rate or any technical
diagnostics. This information helps us improve our Apps by
diagnosing and fixing bugs or crashes and making future
performance improvements.

---
CHILDREN'S DATA
We pride ourselves on offering entertaining Apps for family
audiences of all ages. Because we want your child to use our
Apps in a safe environment, we have limited the collection and
usage of Information for all our Apps.

---
Children can access many parts of the App/Services and its
content and use many of its features without providing us with
personal information. We only collect as much information about
a child as is reasonably necessary for the child to participate in

---
an activity, and we do not condition the child's participation on
the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably
necessary.

What information do we collect and how do we use it
The only information we collect is identifiers (as described
above) and information that identifies a device's location (not
specific enough to identify a street). Identifiers and location
information are used only to place contextual advertisements
(including frequency capping, fraud prevention and attribution),
to personalize the content on the Apps (such as sending local
notifications), to maintain or analyze the functioning of the Apps,
to perform network communications to protect the security or
integrity of the user of the App, to ensure legal or regulatory
compliance.

---
Who receives or maintains Information from Children
A list of all Providers that may collect or maintain personal
information from children through the App/Service is available
within the 'Third Party Service Providers' section. Please direct
inquiries about any third-party operator's privacy practices and
use of children's information through the contact information
provided within their privacy policy.

---
Requesting to stop collection/use of your child's Information
You have the right to request to stop the collection/use of your
child's Information. You can restrict the processing used for
contextual advertising by choosing the 'Remove Ads" option
within your in-App settings and buying the 'No ads' subscription
or by buying the App feature that includes the ‘Remove ads'
option' or subscribing to a VIP subscription.

---
IV. WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR DATA
We cannot provide all the services necessary for the successful
operation of our Apps by ourselves. We therefore engage third
party service providers (“Providers”) and enable them to collect
some Information from you. We strive to obligate our Providers
to comply with this Policy, but we cannot provide any guarantee
on their behalf. We adhere to the generally accepted industry
practices regarding the collection and usage of Information by

---
Apple App Store. If you choose to use the App Store to finalize
and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number
directly to Apple. Apple's Privacy Policy will apply to the
information you provide to Apple, available here
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.

---
Amazon. If you choose to use Amazon to finalize and pay for
your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to
Amazon. Amazon's Privacy Policy will apply to the information
you provide to Amazon, available here
https://www.amazon.in/gp/help/customer/display.html?
nodeId=202136010.

---
Huawei AppGallery. If you choose to use the Huawei AppGallery,
please read their User Agreement and Privacy Statement
available here
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/hiapp/terms.htm?
country=DE&branchid=1&language=en GB, and
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/hiapp/privacy-
statement.htm?country=DE&branchid=2&language=en_ GB.

---
Google Play. If you choose to use Google Play by Google Inc.,
please read their Privacy Policy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy) and Terms of Service
(https://play.google.com/intl/ALL_uk/about/play-terms/).

---
Our Advertising Providers are allowed to use the Information
collected through the SDK to provide contextual advertisements,
conduct ad mediation, support internal operations and improve
their products by conducting research and analysis with the use
of advertising information to understand and optimize how the
advertisements are used. Our Advertising Providers may use
cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-
personal information in case the user clicks on any of their
advertisements.

---
List of Advertising Providers that we engage:
Kidoz. Kidoz is the leading COPPA & GDPR compliant contextual
mobile advertising network. Kidoz SDK, which is integrated into
our Apps, is a piece of software that allows us to provide you
with customized advertisements designated to children, both in
terms of children's safe content, as well as in terms of data
collection. Meaning, that Kidoz will not collect through their SDK
any Personal Data without parental consent, except as permitted
under applicable law and detailed below. Kidoz does NOT use any
Personal Information collected for profiling (e.g., behavioral
advertising) or cross device tracking. Kidoz solely serves
contextual ads (e.g., if you are interacting with a painting app,
they will present advertisements related to painting). In case
Kidoz needs to collect any other Personal Information, which is
not listed in their privacy policy, Kidoz will ensure parental
consent is obtained before doing so, in the event required by
applicable law.

---
Kidoz collects Non-Personal Information: your aggregated usage
information and technical information transmitted by your
device, including: (i) certain software and hardware information
such as type of operating system, type of device, language
preference, etc.; and (ii) approximate geo-location (Country), and
Personal Information: certain identifiers, such as your Internet
Protocol ("IP") addresses (the addresses of computers on the
Internet), or Advertising ID, IDFA (“Identifiers”), if you give the
permission. For more information on what data Kidoz collects
and how it uses it please read https://kidoz.net/privacy-
policies#safe-ad-policy and https://kidoz.net/website-and-
kidoz-sdk-privacy-policy.

---
Unity Ads. We use Unity Ads ad network provider to show you
contextual ads within our App and Services. Since our Apps are
child oriented we have sent a signal to Unity which indicates that
Unity needs to limit data collection and serve non-personalized
ads. For this purpose, Unity has reduced its data collection for its
Ads Service. In such instances, they will only collect the Personal
Information listed below. Unity collects this Personal Information
for internal operations and their legitimate interests in providing
the Service to us.
• IP address is used to provide a compliant experience
suitable for your region.
•
Unique Installation-specific ID is used for operational
purposes related to the serving of contextual
advertisements.

---
Vungle. We use Vungle as an ad network provider to show you
contextual ads within our App and Services. As required by
COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in their system because we have
indicated that our Apps are subject to COPPA, meaning that your
device history will be disassociated, and the only personal
information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent
identifiers (e.g., IP address and other identifiers) to provide
"support for internal operations" of the Vungle Ad Services (as
permitted by COPPA). To learn more about what information
Vungle collects through Vungle's SDK please read their privacy
notice https://vungle.com/privacy.

---
ironSource. We use the ironSource ad network, owned by
ironSource Mobile Ltd., in order to show you contextual ads
within our Apps and Services. ironSource uses and shares the
data that they collect (including the advertising ID if obtained
based on your permission and IP address) from a child-directed
app only to serve contextual ads, for frequency capping, for
fraud prevention, and for other activities to support our internal
operations or the internal operations of the app, as permitted by
the COPPA and other applicable regulations. ironSource supports
Google Play's “Designed For Families" program requirements for
publishers who have followed the ironSource Designed for
Family SDK Functionality instructions. ironSource will not share
persistent identifiers with third party external bidders such as
DSPs, SSPs, exchanges, and marketplaces, except if specifically
directed by us for support for internal operations as defined by
the COPPA. For more information please read
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-
mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy.

---
Mintegral. Mintegral, owned by Mintegral International Limited,
is a global mobile advertising platform, providing user
acquisition, monetisation and creative solutions for advertisers
and mobile publishers. Mintegral's COPPA solution is designed so
that any persistent identifiers collected about you are processed
according to the requirements of COPPA and not used to serve
behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes. In
addition, Mintegral will not knowingly collect any other personal
information under COPPA (such as the precise geolocation of
your device) from you. For more information about kids safety
please read https://www.mintegral.com/en/blog/mintegral-
passes-kidsafe-coppa-seal-annual-audit. To learn about what
information Mintegral collects and how it uses it, please read
Mintegral's privacy policy
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy#privacy-policy-of-the-
mintegral-services.

---
Petal ads. Petal Ads is an ads platform provided by Aspiegel SE, a
subsidiary of Huawei incorporated in Ireland, that we use to
serve ads on HUAWEI apps. The Aspiegel SE and Petal Ads
participate in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent

---
Framework and comply with its Specifications and Policies.
Aspiegel's identification number within the framework is 856.
Aspiegel also operates a private Consent Management Platform
with the identification number 386, which is used by different
Huawei Mobile Services apps provided by Aspiegel. Aspiegel
collects and uses the following personal data for the purposes of
Petal Ads. Please read Statement About Petal Ads and Privacy
https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/ads/privacy-
statement.htm?&code=EU&language=en-
us&branchid=0&contenttag=default and Statement About
HUAWEI ID and Privacy for more information.

---
Digital Turbine. Digital Turbine, owned by Digital Turbine, Inc. is
an advertising platform that we use to show you ads within our
Apps. Digital Tribune collects device and other IDs and uses this
information for the purposes of analytics, fraud prevention,
security and compliance and to serve non-personalised
advertising. For more information please read DT Privacy Notice
(https://www.digitalturbine.com/dt-clients-privacy-
policy/# heading=h.17dp8vu) and Privacy documents available at
https://developer.digitalturbine.com/hc/en-
us/sections/360002877558-Privacy.

---
ANALYTICS PROVIDERS
Google Analytics 4 (GA4F). We use Google Analytics for
Firebase (GA4F) SDK and Big Query to collect data on the usage
of our Apps. We use your data only for the purposes of our
internal analytics to improve our Apps and we do not allow
sharing of your data with other parties and their products or
services.

GA4F collects the following information through the default
implementation: number of users, session statistics,
approximate geolocation, browser and device information. See a
full list of the default events and user properties collected by
GA4F. GA4F also collects enhanced measurement events (when
enabled) from web data streams and in-app purchases from app
data streams.

---
GA4F SDK automatically generates and assigns a Firebase
Installation ID (the “Installation ID) to each instance of our App.
GA4F uses the Installation ID to identify unique installations of
our App and compute your metrics. Learn more about the app-
instance ID. GA4F uses Installation IDs to track particular
audiences. Data associated with Installation IDs is
generally not personally-identifying, but is associated with a
device and used to identify the same device, and events the
device performs.

---
The SDK collects identifiers for mobile devices (for example,
Android Advertising ID and Advertising Identifier for iOS) based
on your consent and uses technologies similar to cookies.

---
On iOS, the SDK collects the Advertising Identifier (IDFA) if it is
available. On Android, the SDK collects the Advertising ID by
default based on your consent. If the Advertising ID is not
available it will collect Android ID (SSAID). Any attempts to access
the identifier will receive a string of zeros instead of the
identifier.

---
GA4F does not log or store individual IP addresses. GA4F does
provide coarse geo-location data by deriving the following
metadata from IP addresses: City (and the derived latitude, and
longitude of the city), Continent, Country, Region, Subcontinent
(and ID-based counterparts). For EU-based traffic, IP-address
data is used solely for geo-location data derivation before being
immediately discarded. It is not logged, accessible, or used for
any additional use cases.

---
When GA4F collects measurement data, all IP lookups are
performed on EU-based servers before forwarding traffic to
GA4F analytics servers for processing.

---
To get more information about how your data is being collected
and processed you can visit the site “How Google uses data when
you use our partners' sites or apps located at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.

---
Singular. We use Singular, owned by Singular Labs, Inc. as a
Marketing Analytics and Attribution provider. In order to provide
the services to us, they process some personal information. They
do this as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on
our behalf and under our instructions.

Generally, Singular processes personal data regarding the
behavior and usage patterns of our end-users of mobile
applications and other mobile properties operated by us. Subject
to our discretion, the personal data processed by Singular can
include, among others, your IP address, Android device ID (App
Set ID), iOS device ID (IDFV) carrier user “ID”, and geo-location
information. For more info please read their privacy policy
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy/.

---
STORAGE PROVIDERS
Digital Ocean
We use Digital Ocean services to store the data on their servers
based in the US. DigitalOcean is committed to protecting your
information. To do so, they employ a variety of security
technologies and measures designed to protect information
from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The measures they
use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the
risk of processing your personal data.

---
Webserver Providers
We use third party Webserver Providers, namely Cloudflare to
store your IP address for the purposes of security to help us
detect and prevent fraudulent activity. These services may
collect your information when you use our services, web
applications, and APIs. The information may include but is not
limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration
information, and other information about traffic to and from our
Apps (collectively, “Customer Logs”). The Webserver Providers
collect and use Customer Logs to operate, maintain, and improve
their Services for the purpose of providing security. For example,
Customer Logs can help us detect new threats, identify malicious
third parties, and provide more robust security protection for
our services. Where Webservers Providers use information
collected from Resolver Users to operate and improve the
Cloudflare Resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts
if an issue arises, they will not combine the information collected
from DNS queries with any other data in any way that can be
used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare is a data
processor for Customer Logs, and processes such information
based on our instructions, meaning that Bubadu is the controller
of such data. Some of the Webserver Providers store or transfer
data outside EEA. Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers
personal information originating in the EEA, the UK, oг
Switzerland with another member of the Cloudflare group or a
third party service provider or partner outside the EEA, the UK, oг
Switzerland, they will implement appropriate safeguards,
consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is

---
VIDEO SHARING PROVIDERS
YouTube. We use YouTube, owned by Google LLC, to share and
show videos about our Apps on our website
(https://bubadu.com/). Our YouTube channel is set as Made For
Kids, this limits data collection when you watch our videos and
prevents personalised adverts being shown. For more
information please read Google's Privacy Policy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB).

---
V. YOUR RIGHTS
We have adhered to the data minimization principle and we only
collect the data we need for our processing purposes as
described above in the section ‘The data we collect. To protect
your privacy we use identifiers when processing your
Information and pseudonymize the data on our end when stored
in our servers. You can exercise your rights by sending an email
to support@bubadu.com We will also outline further options to
exercise your rights in the respective sections below.

---
You are always free to opt out of the information collection by
Third Party Providers by not logging in or using their services.
Please note that you cannot opt out of Providers, that we use to
offer you the Services, for example, Storage Providers. If you
don't agree with such usage please don't use our Services.

---
Bubadu may collect the following CCPA categories of personal
information from you based on the Services you use:

Category
A. Identifiers.
Examples
A real name, alias, postal
address, unique personal
identifier, online
identifier, Internet
Protocol address, email
address, account name,
Social Security number,
driver's license number,
passport number, or
other similar identifiers.
B. Personal
information
categories listed
in the California
Customer
Records statute
(Cal. Civ. Code §
1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social
Security number,
physical characteristics
or description, address,
telephone number,
passport number,
driver's license or state
identification card
number, insurance policy
number, education,
employment,
employment history,
bank account number,
credit card number, debit
card number, or any
other financial
information, medical
information, or health
insurance information.
Some personal
Collected
YES
NO

---
information included in
this category may
overlap with other
categories.
Age (40 years or older),
race, color, ancestry,
national origin,
citizenship, religion or
creed, marital status,
medical condition,
physical or mental
disability, sex (including
gender, gender identity,
gender expression,
pregnancy or childbirth
and related medical
conditions), sexual
orientation, veteran or
military status, genetic
information (including
familial genetic
information).
C. Protected
classification
characteristics
under California
or federal law.
D. Commercial
information.
Records of personal
property, products or
services purchased,
obtained, or considered,
or other purchasing or
consuming histories or
tendencies.
E. Biometric
information.
Genetic, physiological,
behavioral, and
biological
characteristics, or
activity patterns used to
extract a template or
other identifier or
identifying information,
such as, fingerprints,
NO
NO
NO

---
faceprints, and
voiceprints, iris or retina
scans, keystroke, gait, or
other physical patterns,
and sleep, health, or
exercise data.
F. Internet or
other similar
network activity.
Browsing history, search
history, information on a
consumer's interaction
with a website,
application, or
advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation
data.
Physical location or
movements.
NO
Audio, electronic, visual,
H. Sensory data.
thermal, olfactory, or
NO
similar information.
I. Professional or
Current or past job
employment-
history or performance
NO
related
evaluations.
information.
J. Non-public
education
information (per
the Family
Educational
Rights and
Privacy Act (20
U.S.C. Section
1232g, 34 C.F.R.
Part 99)).
Education records
directly related to a
student maintained by
an educational
institution or party
acting on its behalf, such
as grades, transcripts,
class lists, student
schedules, student
identification codes,
student financial
information, or student
disciplinary records.
NO

---
K. Inferences
drawn from
other personal
information.
Profile reflecting a
person's preferences,
characteristics,
psychological trends,
predispositions,
behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and
aptitudes.
NO

---
Right to request disclosure of any personal information we
collect. This means in particular that you have:
• the right to request disclosure of the categories of
personal information we collected from you, together with
the categories of sources from which it was collected
(please see above),
• the purpose of the collection (please see above),
• the categories of third parties with whom we shared your
personal information (please see above), and
• the specific pieces of personal information that have been
collected (please see the section above).

---
Right to request deletion of any personal information that
we collected from you. This means that after we have verified
your request to delete your personal information, we shall delete
it from our records and direct any service providers to delete
your personal information from their records, except when
Article 1798.105 (d) CCPA is applicable (e.g. in case the personal
information is necessary to provide the Services, to detect
security incidents, to identify and repair errors that impair
existing intended functionality of the Services, or to comply with
a legal obligation).

---
What data do we process?
Consistent with "The Data We Collect" and "How We Use Your
Data"sections of this Policy, we may collect certain categories of
information about Virginia consumers (“Personal Data”). The
section below summarizes the Personal Data we process, the
purposes for processing this data, the categories of personal
data that we share with third parties, and the categories of third
parties that we share the data as specified in the VCDPA. We do
not sell personal data to third parties.

Bubadu may collect the following VCDPA categories of personal
information from you based on the Services you use:

---
Identifiers
We use identifiers as described in the section “The Data We
Collect", namely online identifiers and email addresses.

---
Right to Access Personal Data/Correct Inaccurate Personal
Data
You have the right to request access to Personal Data collected
about you and information regarding the purposes for which we
collect it and the third parties and service providers with which
we share it. Additionally, you have the right to correct inaccurate
or incomplete Personal Information. You may submit such a
request by sending us an email to support@bubadu.com.

---
Right to Deletion of Personal Data
You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we
delete any Personal Data that we have collected directly from
you. You may submit such a request by sending us an email to
support@bubadu.com. We may have a reason under the law why
we do not have to comply with your request or why we may
comply in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we
will explain that to you in our response.

---
Right to Portability
You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Data that
you previously provided to us as Controller in a portable format.
Our collection, use, and disclosure, of Personal Information is
described in this Policy.

---
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising
You have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising based on
your Personal Data obtained from your activities over time
across websites and applications. We do not perform targeted
advertising.

---
Analytics information tied to analytics ID, namely Firebase
installation ID is deleted after 180 days after you delete the Apps
or send a request to delete such information from Firebase
services that use Firebase installation ID. Analytics Identifier
namely Firebase installation ID, can be deleted by clearing the
App data or reinstalling the App, meaning that any information
linked to the identifier will be deleted and you will receive a new
identifier the next time you use the App.

---
STORING
We use Digital Ocean and Cloudflare for storing information.
Please see the section 'Storage Providers' for more information.