Privacy policy and cookies
The Website and the Apps are provided by Flightradar24 AB (hereinafter "Flightradar24",
"we", "us", or "our"), registration no. 556895-1213, having its registered address at
Kungsgatan 12 9tr, 111 35 Stockholm, Sweden. Your privacy is important to us. Under the
Swedish Personal Data Act (1998:2004), which implements the EU Directive 95/46/EC, and
Dataskyddslagen and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) we will be liable
for the processing of personal data where we decide the purposes and the means of the
processing. Personal data is information which is directly or indirectly referable to a natural
living person, e.g. name and address but also possibly location data or IP addresses. We
may collect the information set out below, which includes your personal data.

---

This document contains a policy statement regarding the collection, use and processing of
personal data, with whom we may share such data and your rights in relation to personal
data. It further contains our cookie policy.

---

Using our Services may require that you register a user account as set forth in the Terms of
Service, and provide certain personal data. When you use the Services, we will process
personal data for various purposes.

---

Registration data
When creating a user account on the Website or through our Apps, you are required to
provide the following information; email address and password. If you connect to the
Service using credentials from a Third Party Service (as defined in the Terms of Use) (e.g.
Facebook), you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your
username and encrypted access credentials. We may also, following your prior consent,
collect other information available on or through your Third Party Service's account,
including, for example, your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Terms of Service), you will also need to provide your name, last name, and country of
residence. If you register for our Business Services, you further need to provide your
company name (which may be a limited liability company or a sole trader) and will be able
to provide your address and VAT number. Please note that we are unable to provide the
basic services for registered users or any Paid Services unless you provide the above stated
personal data.

---

If you are using our Services through an App on a mobile device, we may provide features
that rely on the use of additional information on your mobile device or require access to
certain services on your mobile device that will enhance your experience but are not
required to use the Service. For example, you may give us your authorization to gather the
specific location of your mobile device. However, in order for us to gather or use the specific
location of your mobile device you must first give your explicit permission. Any such
information gathered will only be used for the specific purpose explained at the time we ask
for your permission. If you have given us your permission to gather and use your location,
you will always have the ability to withdraw such permission by changing the settings of
your mobile device.

---

Usage information
When you use the Services, certain information will be collected automatically, including (i)
information about your use of the Services; (ii) content that you post, upload and/or
contribute to the Services; (iii) technical data, which may include the URL you are accessing
the Site from, your IP address, unique device ID, network and computer performance,
browser type, language and identifying information and operating system.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Certain processing is also based on your consent. This is the case where we share your data
with other users of the Service and where we collect data through your Third Party Service
Account. You can withdraw your consent at any time by adjusting your privacy preferences
in our app and website setting menus.

---

Disclosure of personal data
We may disclose your personal data to other users of the Services (upon your opt in).
Personal data collected from you will be shared with third-party providers carrying out
system and sales performance monitoring, customer support and relations systems. These
third-party providers are considered data processors of Flightradar24. Some of our third-
party providers are located in the U.S. In the event your personal data is transferred to the
U.S. upon our usage of the abovementioned third-party providers, we will apply the
Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission (available at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-
protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en) in order to safeguard your personal data.
In addition to the abovementioned, we may also disclose anonymous information to our
partners and suppliers for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy within and outside the
EU/EEA. In some instances it may be required for us to disclose your address onto shipping
companies to receive hardware from us. You understand and agree that such third party or
supplier will be the controller in relation to such data and its processing and that it will be
subject to their privacy policy. We will take necessary actions to secure the transfer of such
data outside the EU/EEA by using a security mechanism in line with the applicable data
protection laws. You expressly consent to your personal data being used as described in this
Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Click here to manage your choice.
A cookie is a very small file or piece of data sent from a website and stored in the memory of
a user's web browser, mobile phone, or other device while the user is browsing a website. A
cookie can help the website provider to recognize your device the next time you visit that
website, provide you with access to certain functions on the website and/or register your
surf patterns. When you visit the Site, it may leave a Cookie in the memory of your web
browser. Most major commercial Internet sites use them and they make your Internet-
surfing more useful and less time-consuming for you because they store information that
may be reused each time you visit the site, such as passwords and your preferences,
including information you have chosen to share with the site. Cookies cannot access and
read the files on your hard drive and cannot be used as a virus. The purpose of using
Cookies is to provide information and products that are more meaningful to you without
asking you the same questions every time you visit the Site. You may get Cookies from our
advertisers, and it should be noted that we cannot pre-screen Cookies which come directly
to you from other computers. There are other technologies such as pixel tags, web bugs,
web storage and other similar files and technologies that may carry the same functions as
cookies. In this Privacy Policy, we use the term "Cookies" for cookies and all such similar
technologies.

---

The Cookies used may be session Cookies, which disappear when you shut down your web
browser as well as persistent Cookies, which are saved on your computer. We may use the
following Cookies for the purposes set out below:

---

• Functional Cookies: We may use functional Cookies to operate certain functions of the
Service in accordance with your choices, meaning that when you continue to use or

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• Analytics Cookies: We may use analytics Cookies to analyze how the Site and Service is
accessed, used or is performing. We use the information to maintain, operate and
improve the Service.

---

• Third party Cookies: We may allow our partners to use Cookies on the Site for the same
purposes identified above. We may also use service providers acting on our behalf to use
Cookies for the purposes identified above.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Social plug-ins
When you encounter an implemented social plug-in (e.g. "like" button) from a third party,
such as Facebook, Twitter or Google, while using our Service, your browser or App, as
applicable, will establish a direct link to that third party ("Social Plug-in") and will then
transmit the following data to the Social Plug-in directly:
a. date and time of your visit;
b. the Internet address/URL of the site that you are currently visiting;
c. your IP address;
d. your browser;
e. your operating system;
f. your user code if you are a registered user of Social Plug-in and if applicable your
surname and first name; and
g. if you click on the plug-in, of course the information that you have used this specific
plug-in.

---

We explicitly make reference to the fact that we ourselves do not have any influence on the
scope of the data which Social Plug-in collects with the help of the plug-in and that with
regard to data protection we have to rely on the data usage guideline of Social Plug-in.
Please inform yourself further on Social Plug-in specifically about the purpose and scope of
the data collection and your rights in this regard and the setting options to protect your
privacy using the data usage guidelines.