In the course of using this website or any of the websites under the ‘Zerodha' domain or availing the
products and services vide the online application forms and questionnaires, online consents and such
other details required from time to time on any of Zerodha's (and/or its affiliates) web platforms or mobile
applications, Zerodha and/or its affiliates may become privy to some of Your personal information,
including which may or may not be of confidential nature. Zerodha is strongly committed to protecting
the privacy of its users/clients and has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect the
confidentiality of any customer information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Collection and use of your personal information
Zerodha may or may not collect your Personal Information to provide services on its web based platform
or mobile application. While opening a trading and demat account with Zerodha, you may be asked for
certain Sensitive Personal Data or Information (as defined under the Information Technology Act, 2000)
to complete your KYC (as per the 'Know Your Client' requirements set by SEBI) and as per the Prevention
of Money Laundering Act, 2002.
Zerodha, may or may not, request for sensitive information from You at the time of account opening,
which would include but not be limited to, (i) setting a password; (ii) financial information such as Bank
account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details; (iii) information such as name,
contact number, gender, date of birth, residence and employment addresses, father's/mother's and
spouses names, bank account details, scans/copies of document proofs of address & identity such as
Photograph, PAN, passport, drivers license, Aadhaar (voluntarily) etc. (iv) uploading signature
proof/photo etc. All such information would be for the purpose of: identity verification and background
checking for account opening as per KYC & AML Rules, personalising services offered to you, keeping
you updated of our products and services relevant to you, information pertaining to our services you've
subscribed to, and for any legal and regulatory / audit purposes.
Under Regulation 5 of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security and Procedures and Sensitive
Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, Zerodha is obliged to provide every registered user of Zerodha
with a readable copy of the personal information you have provided us.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Voluntary Act
The act of providing your Aadhaar is voluntary in nature, which will only be required for completing your
account opening procedure online and for digitally signing the Zerodha account opening form. Your
Aadhaar may also be used as a proof of address as an alternative choice to drivers license or Passport
copy, which is a voluntary decision to be made by You.

---
Zerodha does not store any Aadhaar information
During your online account opening process, you do not input any Aadhaar details on the Zerodha
platform. You would be issuing your Digital Aadhaar to Digilocker, from where Zerodha (Zerodha is
registered as a Requester on the Digilocker platform) would receive information, based on your consent
to allow Digilocker to share such information with Zerodha, limited to: (1) The last four digits of your
Aadhaar / VID (Virtual ID created on the UIDAI website), (2) Full Name, (3) Date of Birth, (4) Gender, (5)
Address, and (6) Your Photo.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
During your online account opening process, you would also be sharing your Aadhaar with Digiotech
Solutions Pvt. Ltd. for the purpose of digitally signing the Zerodha account opening form. Digiotech
Solutions Pvt. Ltd. does not share your Aadhaar with Zerodha. After the account opening form has been
digitally signed by you, a copy of the digitally signed form would be emailed to you and to Zerodha for
reference/audit purposes. Digiotech Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a licensed e-Sign ASP (Application Services
Provider) with CDAC, compliant with the guidelines laid down by the Controller of Certifying Authorities
(CCA), India and UIDAI, to enable you to eSign the account opening forms online.

---
Collection and use of your non-personal information
Zerodha may from time to time collect information, i.e. Non-personal information which cannot be used
to identify you personally, while You are using the website or mobile application. Zerodha may from time
to time collect information such as Non-personal information such as IP (internet protocol) addresses,
browser types, the name of your ISP (internet service provider), information about a third party link/URL
from where You arrive to our website/mobile application, which pages/URLs do You click on the Zerodha
website / mobile application, and the amount of time spent on each.
Zerodha uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses
first-party cookies to report on user interactions with our web-based services. These cookies store non-
personally identifiable information.

---
Usage of Cookies
Zerodha may from time to time use cookies. Cookies are small data files that a website stores on Your
computer. Zerodha may use persistent cookies which are permanently placed on your computer to store
non-personal (Browser, ISP, OS, Clickstream information etc) and profiling information (age, gender,
income etc). While cookies have unique identification nos, personal information (name, a/c no, contact
nos etc) shall not be stored on the cookies. We will use the information stored in the cookies to improve
Your browsing experience on our website, by throwing up relevant content where possible. We will also
use the cookies to store visitor preferences to ease visitor navigation on the site.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Privacy Statement as per EU-GDPR
Zerodha shall implement and fulfil all its obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
2016/679 (“GDPR”). Zerodha shall process any personal data we collect from you in accordance with
Data Protection Legislation and the provisions of this Policy.

---
• As and where any data is requested, it would be taken only post your prior consent.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse
the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of
our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will
issue cookies when you log on to our site.
After giving a written notice, a user, who is subject to GDPR, shall have the right to receive Personal
Information and Non-Personal Information, which is provided to Zerodha during the usage of Zerodha's
services, such that, this information may be used by another entity which is technically feasible by all
parties to the maximum extent possible. For sending across any notice pertaining to removal or
requesting to receive all such Personal Information and Non Personal Information, such that, this
information may be transferred to another entity/controller of such data as per the GDPR, all subject
users are required to write to “legal[@]zerodha[.]com". The designated Data Protection Officer for the
purposes of this GDPR shall be Mr Somnath Mukherjee.