YOUR CHOICES REGARDING COOKIES ON THIS SITE
We and our 136 partners use cookies and similar technologies to process personal information about you,
including unique IDs, IP addresses and browsing data. Some cookies and tracking technologies we use are
classed as 'essential' which means they are required to enable basic features of the site and cannot be
turned off.
We also use 'non-essential' cookies and tracking technologies to:
• Store and/or access information on a device.
•
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and
services development.

---
We collect this data as a data controller, which means that we determine how and why
we process your personal data and are responsible for our processing and that of data
processors who act upon our instructions.

---
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) sets out how we collect and process your
personal data. It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other
privacy policy, fair processing notice and/or cookie policy we may provide where
relevant so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This
Privacy Policy supplements other privacy notices and policies we provide to you and is
not intended to override them.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
These, together with any other official Formula 1 branded websites and applications
created and operated by a third party from time to time are “Third Party Digital
Products". While we may receive personal data from these third parties (see below for
more information), we are not the operator of the Third Party Digital Products, nor are
we responsible for the privacy policies of those Third Party Digital Products. We
encourage you to read all applicable terms, conditions and privacy policies when using
those other websites and applications.

---
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE
COLLECT?
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual
from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity
has been irreversibly removed (anonymous data).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you
which we have grouped together as follows:
• Profile Data – which includes your username and password, your interests,
preferences (other than your communication preferences), feedback, survey responses
and your conversations with us where recorded (by chatbot, call or otherwise).
■ Identity Data – which includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier,
marital status, title, date of birth, age and gender.
• Contact Data – which includes billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
• Communications Data – which includes your communication preferences and your
preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties.
• Transaction Data – which includes details about payments to and from you and other
details of products and services you have purchased from us or our third party partners.
• Financial Data – which includes bank account and payment card details.
• Technical Data – which includes technical information such as internet protocol (IP)
address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login data, screen
resolution details, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, mobile and
network information, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and
platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our Digital Products.
■ Usage Data – which includes information about how you use our Digital Products and
your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through
and from our Digital Products (including date and time), pages you viewed or searched
for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page
interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used
to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service
number.

---
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data
for any purpose. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the
percentage of users accessing a specific App feature. Aggregated data could be derived
from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law if it is irreversibly
anonymised and cannot directly or indirectly reveal your identity. If we combine or
connect Aggregated data with your personal data in a way that can identify you, we
treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.

---
HOW DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL
DATA ABOUT YOU?
We use different methods to collect data about you, as set out below:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Directly from you
You may give us information about you by filling in forms or by corresponding with us
by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you take
part in activities operated by us, for example at our events, or when you register an
account via our Digital Products, subscribe to any service via our Digital Products
(including for example, F1 TV), enter a competition, promotion or survey via our Digital
Products or when you report a problem to us.
We will collect Identity Data, Profile Data, Contact Data and Communications Data in
this way and, where you make a purchase, we will also collect Financial Data in this
way.

---
Through your interactions with our Digital Products
We automatically collect your personal data by recording how you interact with our
Digital Products by, for example, using technologies like cookies. For more information
on the cookies that we use and their purpose, please see our Cookies Policy
(https://account.formula1.com/#/en/cookie-policy/) and/or your Cookie Preferences
accessible through the link on our websites.
We will collect Technical Data and Usage Data in this way.

---
From third parties
We may receive information about you from:
■ our Third Party Licensees (described above) and any other official licensee using our
brand, for example, when you purchase merchandise through F1 Store
■ our third party sponsors;
■ our third party promoters who organise our race events; and
■ anyone else whom you have consented to sharing your personal data with us.
Where we have permission to do so, we also conduct marketing on third party websites
and applications and we may receive information about you from those third party
websites and applications.

---
From inferences we make about you
We may infer information about you and your interests based on the information you
have provided us and your use of the Digital Products.
We may infer some types of Profile Data in this way. We do not infer information which
may reveal Sensitive Personal Information.

---
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under our applicable terms of use
(for example our App Terms of Use (https://account.formula1.com/#/en/f1-apps-
terms-of-use), Website Terms of Use (https://account.formula1.com/#/en/terms-of-

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
use) or F1TV Subscription Terms (https://account.formula1.com/#/en/subscription-
terms), together the “Terms of Use”) which you have agreed to by using our Digital
Products, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to
provide you with access to our Digital Products or other services.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• To analyse data collected about you, such as your purchase history, by us and our
Third Party Licensees (where we have a legal basis to receive such data from them)
for the purpose of profiling and personalisation of the direct marketing we send you:
Type of data: Identity Data, Profile Data, Contact Data, Technical Data, Transaction Data,
Usage Data

---
As set out in the section “How Do We Collect Personal Data About You?” above, we or
third parties may collect your personal data via cookies when you interact with our
Digital Products. These cookies may be present on our websites or applications, or on a
third party's websites or applications which then tracks you onto our websites or
applications.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA
In addition to the above, the following additional disclosures apply to individuals who
reside in the United States (in compliance with local laws):
Notice of Monitoring
We and our service providers and third party partners may monitor some of your uses
of, or activity on, our Digital Products – primarily in respect of any chatbots you interact
with on our Digital Products or any calls you make to us and we may capture and
retain records reflecting such activity on our Digital Products, for our business
purposes. We may also use tracking technologies on our Digital Products (described
further in our Cookies Policy at https://account.formula1.com/#/en/cookie-policy
(https://account.formula1.com/#/en/cookie-policy)) to collect the foregoing information
reflecting your use of and activity on our Digital Products, or may enable our third party
partners to collect such information. This information may be collected, retained,
captured, and/or monitored by us or by our service providers and third party partners. If
you do not consent to the monitoring described here, you should not use our Digital
Products.

---
Information Collected in the Past Year
The personal information we have collected about consumers in the past twelve (12)
months includes the following:
■ Identifiers and identifying information described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e), such
as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, unique personal identifier, online
identifier, or IP address;
■ Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age
or gender;
■ Commercial information, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or
considered;
■ Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history
and information regarding your interaction with our Digital Services or advertisement;
• Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as your calls,
emails and other correspondence (e.g. through chatbots) to our customer service
recorded as permitted by law; and
■ Inferences drawn from the information listed above.
We collect the above categories of personal information from various sources, as
described in the section titled "What Personal Data Do We Collect?" above.