Please carefully read this Privacy Policy (the
"Policy"), which explains the categories of personal
information that VIDEOSHOW Video Editor &
Maker & AI Chat Generator. ("we" "us" or "our")
collects when you (the "User" or "You") use
our Video Editor & Maker VideoShow through its
website (the "Website") and its mobile application
(the "Application") (collectively, the Website and
Application are the "Services"), how that
information is used, with whom it may be shared,
and your privacy choices.

---
2. Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Personal information refers to any type of
information recorded electronically or otherwise
relating to an identified or identifiable natural
person, excluding information that has been
anonymised. We may collect your personal data
when you use our products or services or interact
with us. Different types of data will be collected,
depending on the service you use and your
interactions with us. In some cases, you can choose
not to provide such data, but this may prevent us
from providing you with corresponding products
or services, or may mean that we cannot respond
to or resolve any issues you have raised.

---
We take all reasonable and feasible measures to
ensure that the personal data collected is
minimal and relevant to what is necessary in
relation to the purposes for which they are
processed. Video Editor & Maker VideoShow may
collect and use personal data as follows:
(1) Personal data collected
Video Editor & Maker VideoShow collects the
following categories of personal data, which may be
collected from you, through the collection forms in
the ordering process or other processes.

---
① Information you provide to us.
• Account Information: We may ask that you
provide certain information to us when you set up
an account or profile on the Website, order the
Application or contact us through the Website or
Application for information or support. This
information may include your email
address, account name, or other personal
identifier.

---
-Purchase Information: If you use features that
involve payment, we and/or our payment
providers, such as Google Pay and Apple Pay,
may collect information about the purchase or
payment transaction, such as order information,
purchase token, the products you purchase,
date and amount of the order, expiry date,
currency code, country code.

---
-User Content: We may collect content that you
create or upload through the Services, including
prompts, text, images, audio, video recordings
and chat history that you input, depending on
the features you use.

---
② Information we automatically collect when you
visit our Services.
●Device Information: This information may
include your IP address (or other unique device
identifier, including one that we may assign);
certain details about your browser, operating
system and hardware.

---
Location Information: When you access our
Services through a mobile device, such as a
mobile phone, we may collect your location from
your device for security reasons and to provide a
better service experience.

---
Usage Data: We collect information about the
products that you use and how you use them and
your local device information, including but not
limited to your device information (e.g. phone
model and brand), operating system (system
version, ID, and language), clicking and the
URL that referred you to our Services.

---
-Log Data: We collect information that your
browser or device automatically sends when
you use our Services, such as IP address, the
date, time and number of times of your
visit, and event information (such as errors,
crashes, restarts, and updates). We also use web
server logs to collect and store information
about service usage.

---
③ Third parties may use tracking technologies in
connection with our Service, which may include the
collection of information about your online
activities over time and across third party websites.
This Policy does not apply to these third party
technologies because we may not control them and
we are not responsible for them. Do Not Track is a
technology that enables users to opt out of tracking
by websites they do not visit. Currently, we do not
monitor or take any action with respect to Do Not
Track technology.

---
describes the legal basis for each processing
operation and the type of data processed:
| Purpose of processing | Types of personal information processed | legal basis |
|---|---|---|
| Identification and authentication | Account Information Device Information | Contractual necessity |
| Providing the core functionality of the App | Account Information Purchase Information User Content Device Information Location Information Usage Data Log Data | Contractual necessity |
| Communicating with you | Account Information Purchase Information | Contractual necessity |
| To improve and develop our services and train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms | Account Information Purchase Information User Content Usage Data | Legitimate interests |
| Marketing and advertising | Account Information User Content Purchase Information Usage Data Log Data | Legitimate interests; Consent, where required by applicable laws |
| To prevent fraud, illegal activity or misuse of our services and to protect the security of our systems and services | Account Information Device Information Location Information Usage Data Log Data | Legitimate interests |
| To comply with legal obligations and protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of us, our users or third parties | Account Information Purchase Information User Content Device Information Location Information Usage Data Log Data | Legitimate interests; Legal obligation |

---
① Sensitive information
The prompts, text, images, audio recordings, videos
and chat logs that you enter may be your personal
sensitive data, and in order to provide you with
certain features of our Services, we may collect,
generate, access, store and use this sensitive
information about you. We will only use this data to
provide you with the applicable features, and by
entering this sensitive information and sending us a
request to generate it, you consent to us using it for
the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

---
(1) Third party tracking tools: Video Editor &
Maker VideoShow may use third party tracking
tools (such as Google Firebase Analytics) to track
the information on how users use the products and
websites, such information will be stored in third
party servers. Such third party track tools may send
the data analysis report to Video Editor & Maker
VideoShow for Video Editor & Maker VideoShow's
above mentioned purpose. These third party
tracking tools include but are not limited to the
following;
Our partner firebase SDK will collect the
following information from you: IP address,
Users' names, Email addresses, iOS
UDIDs, Secure Android IDs, Passwords, Phone
numbers, User agents, Instance IDs, Crash
traces, Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only), Device specs (iOS). The
above information will be used to uniquely
identify the user to provide statistics and data
analysis services. To learn more about the
personal information protection of firebase
currently involved in this situation, please click
here.
【https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy】

---
We use global cloud services to process and store
your personal data. Currently, our servers are
located in the United States and Japan.

---
7. Retention of Your Personal Data
Video Editor & Maker VideoShow will seek to
minimize the amount of personal information that it
collects and maintains and will delete personal data
once it is no longer needed for the purpose for
which it was collected, for example if you input
prompts, it will be deleted 48 hours after the
purpose of the service has been achieved (such as
content generation). Unless we have received your
request to delete your information, we will use the
following criteria to determine the period for which
we will keep your information:

---
(1) The right to be informed
The User has the right to be provided with clear,
transparent and easily understandable information
about how Video Editor & Maker
VideoShow collects and uses personal data and its
rights. This is the reason why Video Editor & Maker
VideoShow is providing the User with the
information in this privacy policy.

---
9. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information
from individuals who are under the minimum
required ages specified herein. You must be at least
13 years of age, or the age of majority in your
jurisdiction (whichever is greater), to use our
services. Individuals under the applicable age may
use our services only through a parent or legal
guardian's account and with their involvement. In
accordance with the Child Online Privacy
Protection Act, in the event that we learn that we
have collected personal information from a child
under age 13 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information as quickly
as possible. If you are believes Video Editor &
Maker VideoShow may have collected personal
information regarding your child, you may ask us to
delete such information by email us at
developer@videoshowapps.com .

---
(3)If we have collected and processed your Personal
Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your
consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will
not affect the lawfulness of any processing we
conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it
affect processing of your Personal Data conducted
in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than
consent.

---
(4)You have the right to complain to a data
protection authority about our collection and use of
your Personal Data.

---
Please note that in order to protect your information,
we will need to verify your identity before
responding to any request to exercise your rights. In
some cases we may need to collect additional
information to verify your identity, such as e-mail
address.

---
California
California privacy laws require specific disclosures.
The following sections of this section detail
additional information about the types of personal
data we collect and how we use and disclose this
information. You can read more about the scope of
the personal data we collect and how we use it in
“Collecting and Using Your Personal Data" above.

---
| Categories of personal data | Use of personal data | Disclosure of personal data |
|---|---|---|
| -As noted above, we collect the following information: ●-Account Information: such as your e-mail address, account name or other personal identifier. -Purchase Information: such as order information, proof of purchase, the product you purchased, the date and amount of the order, the product expiration time, the currency of the transaction and the exchange in country code. -User Content: such as prompts, text, images, audio recordings and videos that you enter, depending on the features you use. -Device Information: This information may include your IP address (or other unique device identifier, including one that we may assign); certain details about your browser, operating system and hardware. ●-Location Information: When you access our Services through a mobile device such as a cell phone, we may collect your location from your device for security reasons and to provide a better service experience. -Usage Data: such as information about your device (e.g., phone model and brand), operating system (system version, ID and language), operation, the URL that referred you to our Services. Log data: such as IP address, date, time, and number of times you visit, event information (errors, crashes, reboots, and updates). | ●As noted above, we use this information for the following purposes: ●Identity verification; ●-Operating our services; ●Communicating and contacting you; ●Improving our services; -Marketing and advertising; ● Exercising our rights; ●Legal compliance; Protecting your information; | As noted above, we may disclose this information in the following circumstances: Service providers and business partners; Government agencies or other third parties for legal reasons; Complaining parties; Third party acquirers; |

---
Your rights
If you are a California resident and the CCPA does
not recognize an exemption that applies to you or
your Personal Information, you have the right to:
(1) Request we disclose to you free of charge the
following information covering the 12 months
preceding your request:
— the categories of Personal Information about you
that we collected;
— the categories of sources from which the
Personal Information was collected and the purpose
for collecting Personal Information about you;
— the categories of third parties to whom we
disclosed Personal Information about you and the
categories of Personal Information that was
disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for
disclosing the Personal Information about you; and
(2) Request we delete Personal Information we
collected from you, unless CCPA recognizes an
exemption; and

---
Please note that in order to protect your information,
we will need to verify your identity before
responding to any request to exercise your rights. In
some cases we may need to collect additional
information to verify your identity, such as e-mail
address.