1.
PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT
Personal data is information, or a combination of pieces of information about you. We collect personal data from a variety of
sources, including from you directly (e.g., when you contact us), information we generate about you in the course of our
relationship with you, and information we collect about you from other sources.
We may also collect certain information about you as required by law, or as a consequence of our contractual relationship.
Failure to provide this information may prevent or delay the fulfillment of these obligations. We will inform you when certain
data is compulsory for the access or use of the Services and the consequences of the failure to provide such data.
Information you provide to us
We collect the following categories of personal data that you provide to us:
(a) Personal details, which includes your age range, gender, nickname;
(b) Contact details, which includes your email address when you create an account or communicate with us;you may
choose to provide us your phone number or payment information when you use certain Services such as
participating in-app activities;
(c) Authentication and identification information, which may include your user identification number, image;
(d) Transactional information, which includes your requests, queries, or complaints when you use our subscription
service or participate in reward activities;
(e) Content uploaded by you, which may include videos, pictures;
(f)Actions taken by you or your activity in our App, which include the following: like, share, report, download, login
history, search history, feedback; and
(g) Any information you include in your publicly visible app profile or which you or others make available to us or the
public, which includes your social media profile data if you use your social media account to log in to the
Services or feedbacks you leave on the App.
Information we collect automatically as you access or use our Services
We collect the following categories of personal data automatically, including:
(a) internet or other electronic network activity information, such as the data we receive when you interact with our App
(e.g., your search history, log data, or actions you take within the App) or information about your device (e.g.,
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
your identification number, Device ID, Android ID, Google Advertising ID, Hardware Serial Number, Device
Model, Operating system, System language and region),we will access the inventories of the other apps you
have installed on the device with your permission, but will not collect and upload any such data to the cloud
server we operate; If you want to manage or search the files stored in your device, we may need your consent
through pop up notifications or App settings (if any) to access your device to comply with your request. This
consent is only for the features mentioned above. We will not automatically collect, upload, modify or delete any
content in your device.
(b) subject to requirements under applicable law, your IP addresses, network carrier and network type; coarse geo-
location data we receive based on your Internet Protocol (IP) address or Wi-Fi SSID;
(c) Your notification bar related information with your permission, and
(d) We may collect crash logs (such as the time of the crash, the device used, and the actions taken prior to the crash),
diagnostics and other app performance data to understand and address technical issues that may occur while using our
Services.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive and process personal data about you from other sources, including from publicly available sources. For example,
we may receive personal data about you from commercially available sources, such as public databases (where permitted by
applicable law), and third-party services (such as third-party social media companies, advertising partners and analytic
providers).
--- [SECTION: 2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND THE BASIS ON WHICH WE USE IT] ---
(c) to comply with our legal obligations, for example to obtain proof of your identity to enable us to meet our fraud
prevention and anti-money laundering obligations;
---
(f)we may obtain your separate consent to collect and use certain types of personal data when we are required to do so by
law (for example, in relation to our direct marketing activities). If we ask for your consent to process your
personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details at the “Contact Us"
section below; and
---
The provision of your personal data may be necessary for the purposes of entering into a contract with us or receiving/using the
Services or certain functions and features you request, or may otherwise be voluntary. If you do not wish to provide your
personal data to us, we may not be able to (a) provide the service you request, or (b) tell you about the services we offer.
---
| Purpose | How do we use personal data for this purpose? | Legal Basis under EU/UK data protection laws |
|---|---|---|
| Identification and authentication | We use your personal data to verify your identity and create a profile for you when you register with us, identify your device, access and use our Services, or otherwise engage with us, and to ensure the security of your personal data. | Using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to perform our contractual obligations to you and to provide you with the requested Service. |
---
| Service operations | We process your personal data to provide the Services that you request, such as to connect you with other users; We access the inventories of installed apps on your device to provide you with the App's core functionality, which are peer-to-peer transmission service (with possible installation initiated by you thereafter) and the file management service. | Using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to perform our contractual obligations to you and to provide you with the requested Service. |
---
| Service improvements | We analyse usage information, including site analytics, to continually improve the user experience. | It is necessary for our legitimate interests to analyse usage information in order to improve ou Services and your user experience. |
---
| Advertising and marketing | We may use your personal data to build a profile about you, to understand your preferences, and to help determine which marketing materials (for example, region- or sector-focused) would be of interest to you. Where required by law, we will obtain your consent to send such marketing materials; You can also request restriction or rejection of it through our App. | Where necessary under applicable laws, we will process your personal data on the basis of your consent. For example, we will obtain your consent prior to sending you marketing messages. It is also necessary for our legitimate interests to understand your preferences and to provide you with information that we believe would be of interest to you. |
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
| Customising your experience | We may use your personal data to improve your experience of the Services, such as by providing interactive or personalised elements on the Services and providing you with content based on your interests. You can also request restriction or rejection of it through our App. | It is necessary for our legitimate interests to provide you with information and personalised features that we believe would be of interest to you. |
--- [SECTION: 4. INTERNATIONAL DATA PROCESSING & TRANSFER] ---
The information we collect from you is stored in Singapore. Where permitted under applicable laws, your personal data may be
transferred to, stored, and processed outside of your jurisdiction. If you are a user of the Services located in the EU or UK, your
personal data may be transferred to a country that is not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for personal data
under European Union law / by the European Commission or under UK law / by the UK Government. This includes jurisdictions
such as Singapore.
--- [SECTION: 5. DATA SECURITY AND RETENTION] ---
We retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship with you. After our relationship ends, we only retain your
information as long as required or permitted by law. We may also retain records to investigate or defend against potential legal
claims, deal with complaints or official inquiries or investigations regarding the Services, or maintain business records for
analysis and/or audit purposes. We will delete, destroy or anonymize your personal data when: (i) the relevant
service/feature/function for which the personal data was collected or used, is no longer available or removed; (ii) it is no longer
necessary to retain the personal data for the purpose for which that personal data was collected; (iii) it is no longer necessary to
retain the personal data for legal or business purposes; and (iv) it is not necessary to retain the personal data for other legitimate
interests.
--- [SECTION: 6. YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR PERSONAL DATA] ---
You have certain rights regarding the personal data we hold about you, subject to applicable law. These may include the
following rights:
(a) access – confirm whether your personal data is processed by us, and if it is, to request a copy of your personal data
and information relating to how it is processed;
(b) rectify - request any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold about you be corrected or any incomplete personal
data we hold about you to be completed;
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
(c) erase in certain circumstances, request that we erase your personal data from our records;
You can delete the content that you have posted to your account by signing into SHAREit application and use the Delete
button. We also provide tools in Settings - Data and Storage -that allow you to clean your caches. For permanently delete
your account:
1. Sign in the SHAREit app.
2. Tap the Profile button at the top, enter the Account Center.
3. Tap Delete Account and follow the instructions to delete your account.
It may take up to 30 days from the time we receive your removal request to delete your account. In order to protect your
privacy, we may also require additional information or documents from you to verify your identify before we process
your request. In addition, you may contact us pursuant to Section 8 (Contact Us) to exercise your rights.
(d) restrict – in certain circumstances, request that your personal data is no longer processed by us;
(e) object - where we process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to
this. However, we may continue to process your personal data if you have objected where we have compelling
legitimate grounds to continue such processing or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
(f)direct marketing - you have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes;
(g) portability / transfer – in certain circumstances, request to receive personal data concerning you, which you have
provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to
transmit that data to you or another third party you have chosen;
(h) withdraw your consent – where we are relying on your consent to process your data, you can request to withdraw
your consent at any time;
(i)
(j)
automated decision making - in certain circumstances you have the right to request that you are not subject to
automated processing of personal data, which produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you; and
lodge a complaint –We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if the
personal data we hold about you is inaccurate. Please note that we may require additional information from you
in order to honour your requests. You have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection
authority. If you are in the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/).
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the contact details for data protection authorities in
your jurisdiction are available here (https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members en).
--- [SECTION: 7. CHILDREN'S INFORMATION] ---
The Services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 13
(or such legally required age of consent as defined under applicable laws) or knowingly allow such person to register on our
Services. In the event that we are notified that we have collected personal data from a child of or under the age of 13 (or such
legally required age of consent as defined under applicable laws) without parental consent, we will suspend the account and
delete relevant information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child of or under 13
(or such legally required age of consent as defined under applicable laws), please contact us at the contact details provided
below.
--- [SECTION: 8. CONTACT US] ---
Smart Media4U is responsible for the personal data SHAREit collects and processes. If you have questions or concerns
regarding the way in which your personal data has been used or would like to exercise any right, please contact us at:
feedback android@ushareit.com.
--- [SECTION: 10. INDONESIA-SPECIFIC TERMS] ---
•
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married
or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married or under guardianship, you represent and
warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent or legal guardian to use the Services. If you do not obtain consent
from your parent or legal guardian, or your parent or guardian is not willing to give their consent, you must cease using the
Services.
--- [SECTION: 11. SINGAPORE-SPECIFIC TERMS] ---
Where we rely on personal data provided by you (or your authorised representative), in order to ensure that your personal data is
current, complete and accurate, please update us if there are changes to your personal data by informing our Data Protection
Officer via email at dpo@ushareit.com.
--- [SECTION: 12. Philippines-SPECIFIC TERMS] ---
If you are using our Services in Philippines, the following provisions relating to requests for the provision of personal data shall
apply:
You have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the Philippines
National Privacy Commission (“NPC”), damages and data portability. You can contact us at [dpo@ushareit.com]. We may need
to verify your identity or your account details before we respond to your request to exercise one or more of the rights as data
subjects under the laws, rules and regulations issued by NPC.
--- [SECTION: 13. South Africa-SPECIFIC TERMS] ---
If you are using our Services in South Africa, the following additional terms shall apply. You declare that you are over the age of
18. If you are below 18 years old, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent or legal guardian
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
to use the Services. If you do not obtain consent from your parent or legal guardian, or your parent or guardian is not willing to
give their consent, you must cease using the Services.
--- [SECTION: 14. Egypt-SPECIFIC TERMS] ---
If you are using our Services in Egypt, the following additional terms shall apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If
you are under age of 18, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent or legal guardian to use the
Services, otherwise you must cease using the Services.