Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to celebrare.in, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose
information that results from your use of our Service.
---
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of
information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this
Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
---
USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service
infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
---
COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
---
3. Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
---
4. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can
be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
limited to:
0.1. Email address
0.2. First name and last name
0.3. Cookies and Usage Data
---
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other
information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications
from us by following the unsubscribe link.
---
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access
Service by or through any device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address),
browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time
spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access Service with a device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of device you
use, your device unique ID, the IP address of your device, your device operating system, the type of Internet
browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
---
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain
information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are
sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such
as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do
not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
0.1. Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
0.2. Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
0.3. Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
0.4. Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant
to you and your interests.
---
Other Data
While using our Service, we may also collect the following information: sex, age, date of birth, place of birth,
passport details, citizenship, registration at place of residence and actual address, telephone number (work,
mobile), details of documents on education, qualification, professional training, employment agreements, NDA
agreements, information on bonuses and compensation, information on marital status, family members, social
security (or other taxpayer identification) number, office location and other data.
---
5. Use of Data
Celebrare uses the collected data for various purposes:
0.1. to provide and maintain our Service;
0.2. to notify you about changes to our Service;
0.3. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
0.4. to provide customer support;
0.5. to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
0.6. to monitor the usage of our Service;
0.7. to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
0.8. to fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it;
0.9. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and
us, including for billing and collection;
0.10. to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal
notices, email-instructions, etc.;
0.11. to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events
which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have
opted not to receive such information;
0.12. in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
0.13. for any other purpose with your consent.
---
If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data,
including Personal Data, to India and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement
to that transfer.
---
8. Disclosure of Data
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
11. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
---
13. Behavioral Remarketing
We may use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We
and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our
Service.
---
15. Children's Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 ("Child" or "Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 18. If you become aware
that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected
Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information
from our servers.