10. 'processing' means any operation or a set of operations which is performed on personal
data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection,
recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval,
consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making
available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction;

---

21. 'data collected automatically' means demographic data and data concerning the use of
the Application which do not allow for unambiguous identification of the User.

---

5. The personal data of the user are processed exclusively for the following purposes:
a. sending commercial and marketing information by means of a newsletter;
b. maintaining contact by means of a contact form available on the website;
c. acceptance and publication of the user's comments regarding the content presented on
the website provided by means of the form;
d. establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims of the Personal Data Controller,
including for the purposes of recovery and conducting court proceedings;

---

6. The basis for processing of personal data of the users using the contact form and commenting
on the content presented on the website is the user's consent collected in compliance with
Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.

---

7. The basis for processing of personal data of the users using the newsletter for marketing and
promotional purposes is the user's voluntary consent, collected in accordance with Article 6(1)
(a) of GDPR, the Act of 18 July 2002 on the provision of services by electronic means and the
Act of 16 July 2004 – telecommunications law.

---

9. The Personal Data Controller processes the following personal data of a user:
1. Contact form: Name and surname, email address, IP address;
2. comments: Name, email address, URL; IP address;
3. newsletter: email address.

---

Newsletter
12. Receiving the newsletter by a user is possible only upon provision of an email address in the
newsletter form and provision of a consent to personal data processing, to personal data
processing for marketing purposes in line with the Act from 16 April 2004 – telecomunications
law – as well as provision of consent for receiving commercial information by electronic means
in accordance with the Act of 18 July 2002 – on the provision of electronic services.

---

Contact Form
15. The personal data of the user collected by means of a contact form are processed only for the
purposes of making and maintaining contact between the user and the Controller, to which the
user consents by ticking a clause located under the contact form.

---

Application
16. The Controller collects personal data through the Feelin My Skin mobile application.

---

19. When creating a User Account, the User enters his or her e-mail address and defines its
password.

---

21. The e-mail address provided by the User during the registration of the User Account must be
confirmed by the User.

---

22. The Controller will send an e-mail with a registration confirmation link to the User's e-mail
address provided upon creating a User account. The User must click on the activation link or
copy it to the address bar of its web browser and then confirm it by pressing “Enter”. After that,
a confirmation of the registration process completion will be displayed in the web browser and
the User will be able to use all functionalities of the Application.

---

The Application's access to resources available on the User's mobile
device
24. Το function properly, the Application may require access to the resources available on the User's
mobile device.
25. The User may, but does not have to, consent to the Application accessing the resources of its
mobile device, however, refusing access to some of those resources may limit or prevent the
use of certain functionalities of the Application.

---

27. The Application may require access to: the gallery, camera, calendar and notifications.

---

Collection of personal data by the Application
30. The Controller collects the following personal data of the User:
1. User's name and surname
2. User's image (the so-called avatar) – optional
3. contact details: e-mail address, website address, links to the User's accounts on social
media sites – optional
4. User's birth date – optional (publication of this information is at the User's discretion)
5. location information (town/city, country) – optional (publication of this information is at the
User's discretion)
6. information about the User's skin type – optional (publication of this information is at the
User's discretion)

---

31. Users' data will be processed through the Application for the following purposes:
1. to provide services by electronic means and to enable the use of the services available
within the Application, including registration and use of the Application, making the
functionalities of the Application available to Users, maintaining contact, maintaining and
operating the account in the Application (Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR) and, in the case of
data belonging to special categories of data, on the basis of the User's consent (Article
9(2)(a) of the GDPR);
2. to handle the electronic contact form made available within the Application on the basis of
the Controller's legitimate interest consisting in the handling of inquiries and requests,
including responding to them (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR);
3. to potentially establish, exercise or defend legal claims on the basis of Controller's
legitimate interest consisting in protecting its rights (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR);
4. to allow the Controller to offer products or services directly on the basis of the Controller's
legitimate interest, consisting in particular in the sending of e-mail notifications about
offers or content, which in some cases contain commercial information, and conducting
other activities related to direct marketing of products or services, including contextual
(i.e. not adjusted to the User's preferences) and behavioural (i.e. adjusted to the User's
preferences) advertising (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR); whereby you will be invited to give
your consent to receive commercial information by e-mail or other electronic means of
communication;
5. for analytical and statistical purposes on the basis of the Controller 's legitimate interest
consisting in conducting analyses of User's activity and their preferences in order to
optimise services and products and improve the functionalities of the Application (Article
6(1)(f) of the GDPR);
6. for archival purposes on the basis of the Controller's legitimate interest consisting in
securing information in the event of a legal need to prove facts which constitute the
fulfilment of the Controller's legitimate interest (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).

---

32. The Controller does not collect personal data without the User's consent, only data without such
qualities, in particular demographic data and data concerning the use of the Application.

---

33. Data collected automatically do not allow for unambiguous identification of the User.

---

34. Data collected automatically may be used by the Controller to improve the quality of the
services provided, in particular in the event of an error in the Application. In the situation
described above, data collected automatically will concern the error in the Application, including
the condition of the User's mobile device at the time of the error occurrence, identification of the
User's mobile device, physical location of the User's mobile device at the time of the occurrence
of error.

---

Application data on the User's mobile device
36. The following data are stored on the User's mobile device: an encrypted unique Application
identifier – it is stored on the device until the Application is removed. The identifier of the
Application and information about the brand, model and hardware identifier of the mobile device
are sent to the Controller in the process of device registration in the Application and are used to
unambiguously identify the Application and the mobile device.

---

41. The user has the right to have his or her data erased ('right to be forgotten'), whereas the
Personal Data Controller is obliged to erase them without undue delay in a situation when: a) the
personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they have been
collected, b) the data subject has withdrawn consent which constitutes the basis for processing,
c) the data subject objects to the processing regarding his or her personal data, d) the personal
data have been unlawfully processed, e) the personal data have to be erased for compliance
with a legal obligation specified in the provisions of law.

---

User responsibility
62. The User is responsible for the accuracy and factual correctness of the personal data he or she
provides.

---

Google Analytics
48. The feelinmyskin.com website uses the Google Analytics plugin (a tool created by Google Inc.).
Google Analytics is a service that analyzes Internet services using the so-called "Cookies", text
files that are saved on the website User's computer and enable feelinmyskin.com to analyze the
use of the website by Users.

---

50. The information obtained from the cookie files about the way the User uses the
feelinmyskin.com website is transferred and saved on the Google Inc. servers located in the
United States.

---

51. The feelinmyskin.com website uses Google Analytics with the following settings:
1. IP anonymisation – this means that the Users' IP addresses of the feelinmyskin.com
website are processed after being shortened to exclude the possibility of referring them to
a specific User. The IP address is not collated with other Google data;
2. Disabled Advertising and Remarketing options – which means that the feelinmyskin.com
website will not send personalized ads to the Users and will not display advertisements of
the website when User uses Google search engine;
3. Disabled Demographics and Interest Reports options – which means that the
feelinmyskin.com website does not collect information about sex and age of the User and
does not combine this information with information about their interests;
4. Disabled User-ID – which means that the feelinmyskin.com internet service does not allow
to combine data from interactions with multiple devices and different sessions with
unique User identifiers; the website does not use the User-ID function and does not allow
assigning one or more sessions (along with all activity in these sessions) to a unique and
permanent identifier;
5. Disabled option to share data with Google Inc. – feelinmyskin.com website does not
provide Users' data collected from cookies:
a. to other Google services used to analyze online behaviors and trends that are
intended to improve Google's tools;
b. for the purposes of comparative analysis involving the use of data to create tools
and materials helpful in the marketing activities of a given industry;
c. for Google technical support – Google support does not receive access to collected
data;
d. to Google's marketing and sales specialists to improve the effectiveness of using
Google tools through feelinmyskin.com.

---

52. The maximum period of User's data storage by the feelinmyskin.com website is 26 months.

---

53. The user can prevent the saving of cookies by setting the appropriate settings in the browser
software. Changing those settings may cause the User to lose the access to some of the
functions of the feelinmyskin.com website. In order to disable Google Analytics tracking, the
User can install a browser extension available at the following address:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.