Privacy Policy
Last update: 13th August 2025
Thank you for using Fishing Points. Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. This
Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Application provided by the owner Fishing Points Ltd., a company
duly incorporated and organized under the laws of Slovenia, having its registered address at Jamova cesta
25, SI-1000 Ljubljana. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, store, process and share your
information in relation to your access and use of the Application.

---

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before agreeing or downloading or using the Application and let us
know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it. In order to use the Application, you must
first accept this Privacy Policy. By expressly agreeing to, downloading, making a purchase, registering for
an account or otherwise using the Application, you are (1) entering into legal agreement and (2) agreeing
to the collection, use, and sharing of your personal data as explained in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy
Policy constitutes a legal agreement between you and Fishing Points Ltd (hereinafter "us", "we", "our" or the
"Company").

---

"Personal Data (or Data)": Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information
including a personal identification number, such as user ID number, provided by some services – allows
for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.

---

"Usage Data": Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services
employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the device utilized
by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the
request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response,
the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the
country of origin, the features of the device and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time
details per visit (e.g. the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path
followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other
parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.

---

2. Types of Data collected
2.1 Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through
third parties, there are:
(a) Identity Data includes first name and last name. If you sign up using a social media account, we will
also receive information from those social media services such as your name, email address, city, state,
zip code and third-party ID numbers. When interacting with the Service, you may also choose to provide
other profile information, including photos and other identifying information.
(b) Contact Data includes email address.
(c) Content Data includes content you create while using this Application, such as saved catches,
locations, and uploaded images.
(d) Technical Data includes information on which device User uses to access this Application and
information about such device.
(e) Profile Data includes User's ID numbers, purchases or orders made by the User or any other account or
profile/settings information.
(f) Usage Data includes information about how User uses this Application.
(g) Marketing and Communications Data includes User's preferences in receiving marketing from Owner
and third parties.
(h) Geographic Data includes your GPS location / position.

---

2.3 Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected
automatically when using this Application. Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested
by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for
this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states
that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without
consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service. Users who are uncertain
about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of
Cookies or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third-party
services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by
the User, in addition to any other purposes described in this Privacy Policy and in the
Cookie Policy. Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published,
or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to
provide the Data to the Owner.

---

3.2 Owner uses different methods to collect Data from and about User including through:
(a) Direct interactions. Users may give Owner their Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms in the
Application by corresponding with Owner by email or otherwise. This includes personal data Users provide
when they: create an account in the Application, apply for our additional services, subscribe to Owner's
service or publications, request marketing to be sent to them, enter a competition, promotion, or survey; or
give Owner some feedback.
(b) Automated technologies or interactions. As Users interact with this Application, Owner may
automatically collect Technical Data (provided by analytics and advertising networks based inside or
outside EU) about Users' equipment, browsing actions and patterns. Owner may collect this Personal Data
by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.

---

(c) Third parties or publicly available sources. Owner may receive Personal Data about Users from various
third parties and public sources.

---

3.5 Retention time. Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by
the purpose they have been collected for. Therefore:
(a) Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and
the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
(b) Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner's legitimate interests shall be retained as long
as needed to fulfil such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests

---

(c) The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given
consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be
obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a
legal obligation or upon order of an authority.

---

4. The purpose of processing and information on the processing
4.1 The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service,
provide customer support, connect third-party services, comply with its legal obligations,
respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or
third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
Registration and authentication, Location-based interactions, Advertising, Personalization,
Sync data between devices, Sending messages, Facilitating Payments, Data analysis,
Debugging and improving the Service.

---

5.1 The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the EU to third
countries (i.e. any country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a specific legal basis. Any
such Data transfer is based on one of the legal bases described below. Users can inquire
with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service.
(a) Data transfer abroad based on consent. If this is the legal basis, Personal Data of Users shall be
transferred from the EU to third countries only if the User has explicitly consented to such transfer, after
having been informed of the possible risks due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate
safeguards. In such cases, the Owner shall inform Users appropriately and collect their explicit consent via
this Application.

---

6. Device permissions for Personal Data access
6.1 Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may request certain
permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below. By default,
these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be
accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time.
In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the
Owner for support at the contact details provided in this Privacy Policy. The exact
procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and
software. Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper
functioning of this Application.
6.2 If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be
processed (i.e. accessed to) by this Application:
(a) Approximate/precise location permission (non-continuous). Used for accessing the User's
approximate/precise device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in
order to provide location-based services. The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner
that isn't continuous and only during app usage. This means that it is impossible for this Application to
derive the approximate position of the User on a continuous basis.
(b) Camera permission. Used for accessing the camera or capturing photos from the device and adding
them to catches.
(c) Photo Library permission. Allows access to the part of the User's Photo Library, to be able to add
photos to catches.

---

(g) Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their
Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it
transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data
is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract
which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.

---

(b) Web payments. All purchases made through the website or web app are processed by a third party
payment processor, Paddle (paddle.com). Paddle may ask you for personal and/or non-personal data,
such as your name, address, email address, credit card information, or other personal data. Paddle has a
privacy policy (http://paddle.com/legal-buyers/) that describes their collection and use of personal data.
We do not control Paddle or its collection or use of data. Any questions or concerns about Paddle's
practices should be directed to Paddle.
Paddle provides us with certain non-personal data relating to purchases made by visitors to the website or
web app. The non-personal data may include details of the purchase such as the date, amount paid, and
product purchased. The non-personal purchase data may be linked to the personal data you provide to us
(typically limited to your email address, as stated above). Paddle does not supply us with any of your other
personal data such as your name, street address, or credit card information.

---

9. Additional information about Data collection and processing
9.1 Reliability. Users are responsible for backing up, to its own computer or other device,
any important data stored or accessed via this Application (e.g. locations, trolling, trotlines,
catches, photos). Owner does not guarantee or warrant that any content you may store or
access through the Application will not be subject to inadvertent damage, corruption or
loss.

---

9.4 Additional information about User's Personal Data. In addition to the information
contained in this Privacy Policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and
contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of
Personal Data upon request.

---

9.7 Children's Privacy. Our Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 16.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If you have
reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data through the
Service, please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our
databases.