This Privacy Policy (hereinafter the “ Policy ") sets out the basis on which any
personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by
us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices
regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By accessing or using our
website, software, services, applications, products and content offered via
Boomplay (collectively, the “ Services ”), you are accepting and consenting to the
practices described in this Policy.

---
[SECTION: The Types of Personal Data We Collect and Use]
We may collect and use the following information about you:
• Information you share with us. This is the information about you or relating to
you that is voluntarily shared by you on Boomplay. Information you share with us
may include without limitation postings that you make on Boomplay (including
your public profile, name, identification number, address, email address, social
media login details, telephone number, information about your device, your
browsing records, the comments you make on Boomplay, as well as account and
billing details, the lists you create, and photos, videos and voice recordings as
accessed with your prior consent through your device settings you turn on), any
postings from others that you re-post and location data and log data associated
with such postings. Information you share with us also includes information about
you (including location data and log data) that others who are using Boomplay
share about you. Information you share with us will remain publicly-available for so
long as you or a user that has shared such information retains it.
• Information you share from your social networks. If you choose to link
Boomplay to your social network or public forum account (including without
limitation Facebook, Twitter or Google account), you may provide us or allow your
social network to provide us with information from your social network or public
forum accounts. This data may include your use of Boomplay on such public forums
and/or social networks. For further information as to how and for what purpose the
social network provider processes your data, please see their privacy policies.
• Information on Your Device. We automatically collect certain data from you,
including IP address or other unique device identifiers such as Google advertising
ID, Android ID, Identifier for Advertising, Cookies (as defined below), mobile carrier,
time zone and locale setting, operating system and platform, hardware and

---
[PAGE BREAK]
software versions, battery lowhat's Biompray strengtlist savaidavaltisingtoranewsspa controwser
type, app and file names and types, Bluetooth signals, International Mobile
Equipment Identity, International Mobile Subscriber Identity, data from device
settings: information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on,
such as access to your GPS location, photos, videos and voice recordings and such
other information on your device. Any automated decision-making, including
profiling, based on the data automatically collected from you, will solely be used in
optimizing the Services and tailoring it to your preferences.
• Behavioral information we collect about you. We also collect information
regarding your use of the Services, e.g. your comments on Boomplay or any other
content that you Posted on or through the Services, views and interactions on
Boomplay. In addition, we link your contact or subscriber information with your
activity on Boomplay across all your devices using your email or social media log-in
details, engagement (including without limitation likes, shares, comments, repeated
views) and relate users based on your behavior. Finally, we collect opt-ins and
communication preferences.
• Location data We may collect and process information about your location,
including location information based on your SIM card, IP address or mobile device
location settings, and if activated on your mobile device, by use of a Global
Positioning System (GPS). We may use such information to provide you with
location-based services, such as features, notifications, marketing, or other content
that is influenced by your location. If you do not wish to share your GPS location
with us, you can switch off GPS functionality on your mobile device.
• Metadata. When you Post content, including images, text and audio to
Boomplay, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the
content. In essence, metadata describes other data and provides information about
your content that will not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your
content the metadata can describe how, when and by whom the piece of content
was collected and how that content is formatted. It further includes information
such as your account name that enables other users to trace back the content to
your user account. Metadata will further consist of additional data that you chose
to provide with the content, e.g. any hashtags used to mark keywords to the
comments.
• Information from third parties. We may receive information if you use any of the
other websites we operate or other Services we provide. We may also receive
information from third parties (such as advertising networks and analytics
providers) and from other sources, including business directories and other
commercially or publicly available sources.
• Contact Information. We may collect contact information from your contact list,
address book and your social network to help you and others find people you may
know and enable you to link your Boomplay contact list with the contact lists on
your device and/or in your account on third party services. We will ask for your
consent to access your contact list and address book before doing so. You may at
any time allow or disallow us to access your contact list and address book by
changing your settings.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
•Third-party Services. If yWhat's Badmplay Bocoran Artists accraventsingy conewsctin@ntaith a
third-party service, such as Facebook, Google, Instagram, Whatsapp or Email, we
may collect information from such third-party service, including without limitation
your third-party service user name, gender, profile image, birthday and third-party
service contact list.

---
[SECTION: Cookies]
We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, Flash cookies,
App cache, etc.) (“ Cookies ”) to enhance your experience using Boomplay. Cookies
are small files which, when placed on your device, enable us to provide certain
features and functionality.
We use the following Cookies:
• Strictly necessary Cookies. These are Cookies that are required for the operation
of Boomplay and to keep your account and data safe and secure. They include, for
example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of Boomplay.
• Analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the
number of visitors and to see how visitors move around Boomplay when they are
using it. This helps us to improve the way Boomplay works, for example, by
ensuring that users are able to find what they are looking for easily.
• Functionality Cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to
Boomplay. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name
and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
• Targeting Cookies. These Cookies record your visit to Boomplay, the pages you
have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make
Boomplay and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We
may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.

---
[SECTION: Analytics information]
On Boomplay, we use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and
usage trends for the Services. Traffic refers to the different data flows surrounding
activities of the users on the Services. These tools, for example, collect information
sent by your device or our Services, including the pages you visit, add-ons, and
other information that assists us in improving the Service. The information will be

---
[PAGE BREAK]
used to report and evaluate wat Bartinaities Fandtilstatter avertising us Newst Boomalay to
provide services in accordance with these activities.

---
[SECTION: How We Use Your Personal Data]
We will use the information we collect about you in the following ways:
• To administer Boomplay (i.e. to provide our Services to you) and for internal
operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical
and survey purposes (i.e. to guarantee Boomplay's stability and security) and to
solicit your feedback;
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of Boomplay, when you choose
to do so;
• To personalize the content you receive and provide you with tailored content that
will be of interest to you;
• To improve and develop Boomplay and conduct product development;
• To measure and understand the effectiveness of our recommendation and service
we offer to you and others;
• To provide you with tailored services based on the country settings you have
chosen, such as recommendations and other content that is related to the country
settings;
• To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of Boomplay
about goods or services that will interest you or them;
• To allow other users to identify you as a user of the Service and to support the
socializing function of the Services;
• To provide you with your profile information to send to anyone you choose and to
enable you to participate on Boomplay and interact with other users;
• To make your information available to other users in accordance with the privacy
settings you chose for the respective information;
• To show you content that is similar to content you liked or interacted with (by
commenting and/or watching the content), content from your region as well as
content from users you follow;
• To promote the Services and use information that you give to us, such as content
which you choose to Post on or through the Services, as part of our advertising and
marketing campaigns to promote the Services;
• To enable our messenger service to function;
• To verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam
and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of Boomplay, and promote safety
and security on and off of Boomplay;
• To notify you about changes to our Services;
• To communicate with you;
• To provide you with user support;
• To enforce our terms, conditions and policies;
• For any other specific reason provided to you at the time we collect your
information.
It is in our legitimate interest to promote the Services, and we may use information
that you give to us, such as content that you choose to Post on or through the

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Services, as part of our advertiesBoommand marketing canavaraisings tovaromodontthe
Services.

---
[SECTION: How We Share Your Personal Data]
• Cloud storage providers to store the information you provide and for disaster
recovery services, as well as for the performance of any contract we have entered
into with you;

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Data Retention]
After you have terminated your use of our Services, we can store your information
in an aggregated and anonymized format. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we can
also retain any personal information as reasonably necessary to comply with our
legal obligations, allow us to resolve and litigate disputes, and to enforce our
agreements.

---
[SECTION: Information Relating to Children]
If you are a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child
has provided personal data to us, please contact us at
privacy.boomplay@transsnet.com to delete such data.
If we are aware that we have collected the personal data of a child under the Age
Limit, we will take reasonable steps to delete the personal data.