Loora respects your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information
that you share with us. Generally, you can browse through our website without
giving us any information about yourself (except for cookies and pixel tags, as
provided in this privacy policy). When we do need your personal information to
provide services that you request or when you choose to use our application, an
Al tool built to help you achieve English fluency (the "App" or the “Services"), or
provide us with your personal information, for example when you decide to
contact us for additional information, this policy describes how we collect and use
your personal information.

---

How we collect and use information, and legal basis for
processing
Depending on your interaction with us, we collect two types of data:
"Non-Personal Data" meaning, information which does not identify a specific
natural person and cannot reasonably be used for such identification. We collect
Non-Personal Data during your interaction with us, such as your date and times of
interaction, means of communications, whether you have engaged with emails we
sent you, etc. This data is considered as Non-Personal Data when collected on an
aggregate or statistical basis, or otherwise not combined with online identifiers.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

"Personal information" means any information that may be used to identify an
individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a
home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, birth date,
gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information required in
order to provide a product or service you requested.

---

We use the Personal Information we collect from you for a range of different
business purposes according to different legal bases of processing. We may use
or process your personal information for the following purposes. One or more
legal bases may apply simultaneously.

---

Information for providing you with Services
We may collect and store Personal Information such as name, address, email
address, telephone number, gender, birth date, and other contact information in
order to provide you with Services. We may also collect and store Personal
Information regarding your usage of the App, for example, the information you
provide during a lesson offered by the App, the transcript of the lessons, and your
voice recording during the conversation.

---

The basis for our collection of data is the need to carry out the above processing
of information, as part of the performance of existing engagements with you.

---

Information for Customer Support and Inquiries
We may collect and store Personal Information, such as name, address, email
address, telephone number and contact information, when you submit inquiries or
requests with respect to our App and Services. We will use such information to
contact you only for the purposes for which you sent the inquiry.

---

The basis for collection of data is the need to carry out the above processing of
information for performance of existing engagements with you and our legitimate
interest to conduct an effective interaction with our users which are customers
and/or potential customers.

---

Information for the maintenance and Improvement of our website, App, and
Services
We may also use your Personal Information, such as personal information
regarding your usage of the App, as web server logs, IP addresses, cookies, local
storage tools, pixel tags, web beacons when you send us inquiries regarding our
App, Services or when you browse the website, in order to administrate and
improve the App, website, or our Services, for our internal records and for
statistical analysis, as set forth in this Policy.

---

We also use data provided by you, including conversation data, to retrain and
enhance the App's algorithms.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

The basis for collection of data is the need to carry out the above processing of
information for our legitimate interest to conduct such improvements and analysis,
as well as for the performance of our contract with you.

---

Information for Marketing and Promotional Purposes
In the event you sign up to receive our newsletter or other promotional materials,
or where we are permitted to do so under applicable law, we will process your
contact details, such as email address, for sending you news, notices, newsletters
and updates regarding our Services. In line with the GDPR we will always give you
the opportunity to opt in to our mailing list and without your explicit consent we
will not add you to our mailing list to receive direct marketing or market research
information Our lawful basis for the processing of this data is our legitimate
interests, or, in certain cases your consent.

---

Cookies, pixels and web beacons
The website and the App may also collect cookies, pixels, web beacons and other
similar information collected through application tracker and analytics tools.

---

We use such information to assist us in securing your use of the App and to
enhance the performance of our website, App and Services. Cookies are small
text files sent from the server to your device. Cookies used by us do not contain
personal information nor do they contain account or password information. They
merely allow the App and the website to recognize that a page request comes
from someone who has already logged on.

---

We may share website and App usage information with reputable advertising
companies for targeting our banner advertisements on our website, App and
other websites and Apps. For this purpose, pixel tags (also called clear gifs or web
beacons) may be used to note the pages you have visited. The information
collected by the advertising company through the use of these pixel tags is not
personally identifiable.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you
provide to us at our App or website to any third parties for their own direct
marketing use unless we provide clear notice to you and obtain your explicit
consent for your data to be shared in this manner, when required by applicable law.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Loora stores the personal information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the
purpose for which the data has been collected. This means that Loora deletes
your personal information when such information is no longer necessary, unless
we have a legitimate interest to retain such data for longer periods or are required
to do so by any applicable law. Statistics which have been anonymized may be
saved thereafter.

---

Under various applicable laws you may have the right to request the rectification
or deletion of your personal information. Please note however that deletion could
mean that Loora cannot process your requests or provide you any requested
services. You have the right to request a copy of your personal information from
our record. You have the right to request a limitation of the use of your personal
information (for example if you deem the information to be incorrect) or the
termination of use of your personal information (for example as regards the use of
the information to improve our services). Should you wish to submit a request for
data deletion, rectification or access, please contact us at legal@loora.ai.

---

Data security
Loora safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic,
and managerial procedures, taking into consideration the state of the art, the
costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of
processing as well as the risk of processing your personal information. While we
strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the
information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to
protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Our App and Website may contain links to other apps and websites operated by
other companies. Loora does not share your personal information with those apps
and websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you
to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. Some of these third-party
apps and sites may have permission to include the Loora logo, even though they
are not operated or maintained by Loora. Although we choose our business
partners carefully, Loora is not responsible for the privacy practices of apps and
websites operated by third parties that are linked to our website and App. Once
you have left our website or App, you should check the applicable privacy policy
of the third-party website or app to determine how they will handle any
information they collect from you. We may provide services based on third party
applications and content tools on Loora's website or App. These third parties may
automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us
on our website or App using such third-party applications and tools, based on
such third parties' privacy statements.

---

Payment Procedure and Affiliate Validation
For certain payment transactions, we use the services of Paddle.com Ltd.
("Paddle.com") to conduct the payment and invoicing process. If you purchase
any of our Services via Paddle.com, the payment process is independently
managed by Paddle.com according to its terms, which involves collecting your
relevant Personal Information, such as payment details and contact information.
You can find Paddle.com's privacy policy at: https://paddle.com/privacy/. We may
receive certain Personal Information from Paddle.com, such as your name, email,
billing address and purchasing history, to perform our contract with you and
based on our legitimate interests in tracking sales data and managing the Services
offered to our customers. Paddle.com may also share some of the collected
Personal Information, such as a hashed email address or customer identifier, with
our affiliates, to validate transactions that occur through affiliate marketing
programs.