About us
TradingView is the data controller responsible for your personal data and is
the sole owner of the TradingView.com website ("Website"), TradingView
mobile and desktop applications, TradingView services (each, a "Service")
and all of the information collected on it. TradingView collects information
from users in several ways (explained in detail in this privacy policy).
---
This privacy policy applies to personal data that we collect from you when you
visit this Website, create an account, use our applications or services ("you"
or "your" being interpreted accordingly). It provides information on what
personal data we collect, why we collect personal data, how it is used, the
lawful basis on which your personal data is processed, how it is stored, and
how we share information.
---
By using our Service or submitting your personal data, you are agreeing to
accept the terms of this privacy policy, so please read it carefully. If you
disagree with this privacy policy at any point or time, you should stop using
our Services and delete your user account.
---
Personal data that we collect
There is no need to create an account when searching and viewing
information from certain markets, such as symbols, quotes, financial data, as
well as ideas and publicly available data of TradingView users.
Data we receive from you:
1. User accounts. If you decide to create an account, you will need to
provide us with some personal data so we can provide you with access to
our additional services that users benefit from. You may also elect to
provide us with additional information about you, as described below.
During registration you will be required to provide us with either:
•
your username, email address;
•
your account information with one of the following social Internet
services: Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), Google, Yahoo!, LinkedIn,
Apple; and
• if you want to buy a subscription, we will need your first name, last
name and postal address.
In some cases, you may need to provide and verify your phone number.
You can also add additional information about yourself in the profile
settings, however, this is not mandatory.
The following information will be publicly displayed:
•
username, the image you have elected to provide as your user avatar,
signature, "About me", X (formerly Twitter) handle, YouTube channel
link, YouTube username, Facebook profile, Instagram profile and
website, date joined, subscription level.
The following information will not be publicly displayed:
•
your first and last name, phone number and email.
---
If you register to be a user of Essential/Plus/Premium/Expert/Ultimate
Accounts (a "Paid User"), our third party payment processor will also
process information about your payment card and bank account
information or payment account information that we require for the
purpose of recording and processing your account registration. For further
details, please refer to the point below titled "Payment information", under
the section headed, "When we share your personal information."
---
2. Contact data. We also process any personal data you choose to give
when corresponding with us by phone, email, or otherwise visiting and
interacting with this Website or any other services we operate.
---
By providing your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from
us. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. We will
not share your contact phone number with any other parties unless
explicitly specified by this policy.
---
3. Partners data. We also process personal data you choose to give at
registration and connection to the Partner Program (for more information
please see Partner Program Rules).
---
4. Cookies and other technologies. We use browser cookies (small text files
placed on your device) to administer our Site, gather and analyze
statistical information, ensure security, to fight spam, and for advertising
purposes. Cookies allow us to provide you with a better user experience
when you browse our Website and also helps to improve its features. More
detailed information on the use of cookies can be found in our Cookies
Policy.
---
We also use web beacons (tiny graphics with a unique identifier) for
analytics and advertising purposes and to develop, test, and improve our
services further, as described in our Cookies Policy.
---
5. Log files. Like most websites, we use web server log files. Records in our
log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses (see the "Device
information" section below for further details), browser types, internet
service providers, referring pages, exit pages, platform types, and
date/time stamps. We use web server log files to administer the site,
provide broad traffic information for site planning purposes, and to ensure
that our terms of service agreement is being adhered to. Note that IP
addresses are not tied to personal data in our web server log files.
---
6. Device information. We collect the following information about the
devices you use to interact with our services: IP address of the device
(from which we can also infer the country you are connecting from), device
type, operating system, application and browser version. We collect this
information to prevent spam and abuse of our services. IP addresses may
be considered personal data in certain jurisdictions, and will be treated in
accordance with this privacy policy.
---
7. Analytics. When you are using our Website, mobile and desktop
applications, or widgets we provide to another site, we may collect
analytics information automatically. This information may include your
general device information, device identifiers (for example, Google
Advertising ID, if you are using an Android device, or Advertising Identifier
(IDFA), if you are using an iOS device), network information, website, and
application interaction events. We collect pseudonymous data only and
this analytic information does not include any personal identifiable
information from your profile. We use this information to analyze and
improve the work of our services and applications, and to develop, test,
and improve our service further. For this purpose we may use internal
analytic as well as third party service providers. For further details about
our use of third party service providers, please refer to the Analytics
providers section below.
---
8. Data we receive from third parties. When you sign in to your account
using your internet service credentials (Facebook, X (formerly Twitter),
Google, Yahoo!, LinkedIn, Apple), such service sends us your username
and the email address associated with the credentials you've used. We
neither control nor take any responsibility for the way third parties provide
information about you and/or process your personal data.
---
1. Profile. A profile is a set of information for each individual user that details
his/her viewing preferences. User settings (chart settings, toolbars,
buttons, etc.) are kept solely for the purpose of customizing the user's
experience when using the Website, applications or user accounts. We do
not share private profile settings with any third parties.
Note that when you create an account, other users or visitors may access
your public profile and see any information you have made publicly
available about yourself.
---
Please note that if you have requested your account to be deleted, we will
delete the subsequent personal data you have supplied us. Some data,
such as published ideas/scripts and messages sent to other users, will be
saved as they have already integrated into our system. This data must be
stored to maintain the integrity of the platform.
---
For legitimate business processes and for compliance with legal
obligations, including tax laws, audits, and security, we must retain certain
data for an extended period. This data includes, but is not limited to,
transaction logs, financial records, addresses, and employment details.
The duration of retention for each type of data will comply with specific
legal requirements, extending up to 10 years.
---
4. Marketing. We may send you marketing emails about our products or
services that are similar to the products or services you are subscribed to,
including information about events and other promotions we feel may
interest you. This is unless you have indicated to us that you do not wish to
receive communications in this manner. We will send you other
promotional information by email only with your consent, which was given
at the time you provided us with your personal data. Users can opt out of
receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking "unsubscribe"
in one of the emails (for more information on your rights, please see the
"User rights" section below).
---
7. Customer service. When you open a support ticket, we use your contact
details as well as information about your device, server logs, a description
of the problem, along with any other supporting materials (videos,
screenshots, etc.) to help resolve the issue(s).
---
9. Legitimate interests. We will process your personal data as necessary for
certain legitimate business interests, which include the following:
• we may anonymize, pseudonymize, aggregate and de-identify the data
that we collect and use this data for our own internal business
purposes, including sharing it with our business partners, our affiliated
businesses, agents and other third parties for commercial, statistical
and market research purposes. For example, to allow those parties to
analyse patterns among groups of people and conducting research on
demographics, interests, and behavior;
• for internal business/technical operations, including troubleshooting,
data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, and as
part of our efforts to keep our Website, network, and information
systems secure; and
• to (a) comply with legal obligations, (b) respond to requests from
competent authorities; (c) enforce our Terms of Use or House Rules; (d)
protect our operations or those of any of our affiliated businesses; (e)
protect our rights, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliated
businesses, you or others; and (f) enforce or defend legal rights, or
prevent damage. This means we can store and disclose your
information to law enforcement authorities, state, or government
agencies if we establish that such disclosure is necessary to comply
with the law. This includes responses to court orders or subpoenas, as
well as other judicial or regulatory processes.
---
2. Payment information. Paid Users must provide payment information
(name, postal address, payment card information or payment account
information). This information is used for billing purposes only and is
processed by our payment processors. When you are making a payment,
we do not have access to your payment card information. Should we have
any issues with processing an order, the email address you have provided
will be used to contact you. For more information on what type of
information is collected by our payment processors, please view their
privacy policies:
• Braintree Privacy Statement
• Coinbase Commerce Privacy Policy
• Razorpay Privacy Policy
• Apple Privacy Policy
• Google Privacy Policy
• Triple-A Terms and Conditions
• dLocal Privacy Policy
---
4. TradingView affiliated businesses. In order to provide the services you
request from us, our affiliated businesses may access and process the
information which we collect from you for the purposes described above,
including offering products and services to you. Our affiliated businesses
will only use your data for the purposes for which we originally collected
said data.
---
5. Analytics providers. We may use third-party service providers to monitor
and analyze the use of our services and mobile/desktop applications. We
use this information to analyze and improve the work of our services and
mobile applications.
We may use Google Analytics as a web analytics service on the Website,
mobile apps and in conjunction with the widgets we provide. For more
information on Google Analytics privacy practices, you can check here.
Analytics services for mobile and desktop applications that we may use:
1. Firebase - a development and analytics platform provided by Google.
For more information on what type of information is collected, please
visit the Firebase web page.
2. Flurry Analytics — provides us with tools and resources for
understanding our mobile application users' behavior. For more
information on the handling of user data on Flurry Analytics, please see
their Privacy Policy.
3. Visual Studio App Center — owned by Microsoft. Their applicable data
protection provisions can be reviewed under the Microsoft Privacy
Statement.
4. AppsFlyer - analytics services to measure and analyze the
effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns, as well as
certain events and actions in the application. For more information on
how AppsFlyer works and what data it collects, please see AppsFlyer
Services Privacy Policy.
5. Sentry - is an error tracking and performance monitoring platform that
helps us diagnose, fix, and optimize the performance of our platform.
For more information on what data collected by Sentry, please see
Sentry Privacy Policy.
---
6. Business transfers. If we sell our business or our company assets are
acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about our general
account users, subscription account users or customers may be one of the
transferred assets.
---
8. Advertising. We display advertising on the Website and may use
remarketing and tracking features. Remarketing features allow us to
display advertising in a more targeted manner in order to present
advertisements of interest to users, based on their activity on other
websites. Tracking features allow us to collect information about
impressions, ad clicks and certain actions that users complete through our
Website. This data also helps us evaluate the performance of ad
campaigns. Note that we collect pseudonymous data only. We may use the
following services for advertising, remarketing, and tracking purposes:
---
9. Google reCAPTCHA. We use reCAPTCHA to check whether data has
been entered by a person or by an automated program. We use this
service to protect our services from spam, fraud and abuse. reCAPTCHA
analyses the behavior of the visitor using various characteristics and
evaluates various information for analysis purposes (e.g. IP address, visit
duration, or the user's mouse clicks). This analysis begins automatically, as
soon as the website visitor accesses the website, and runs in the
background. Visitors are not informed that an analysis is being performed.
The data recorded during analysis is forwarded to Google. More
information on Google reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy can be
found under the following links: Google's Privacy Policy and What is
reCAPTCHA?.
---
10. YouTube API services. We use the YouTube API to share your chosen
video ideas to your YouTube account. When you use this service, you will
need to sign in with your Google account and grant us permission to
access your YouTube account. We will only use this access to upload
videos that you choose to share with us. We will not store, modify, delete,
or view any other data from your YouTube account. We will also not share
your Google account information with any third parties. You can revoke our
access to your YouTube account at any time by visiting Google security
settings page. By using this service you are agreeing to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service.
---
1. Public profile. When you create your profile on our Service, other users or
visitors may access your public profile and see any information you have
made available about yourself. When browsing for trading ideas, they will
only be able to view your market information (i.e. published ideas and
scripts, markets allocation, top mentioned Symbols, etc.), social
information (i.e. followers and following lists along with the ideas that you
follow and comment on), contact information (i.e. your About section,
avatar, links to your social media accounts, website, etc.), your community
status (i.e. Moderator or Pro badges, statistical information such as
reputation points, views, likes, followers, registration date, as well your last
visit date). Your email address, however, will not be visible (unless you
choose to make it visible).
---
When you comment on any content, we also publish certain information
about your comment: including date, time and application (such as
"TradingView for iOS" if you commented on it from one of our
applications).
---
3. Chats and private messages. When you communicate with other users in
public and private chats, we store and process your messages and any
related information. We check links to make sure there is no malicious
software or content as well as to detect spam and prohibited images/text.
When you use private messages to communicate, please keep in mind that
the recipients have a copy of your correspondence as well. This will
continue to be the case even if you delete such correspondence from your
account. Recipients can copy, store and/or reshare these messages. Be
constantly vigilant of this.
---
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption technology in order to
protect certain information that you submit to us. This technology protects
you from having your information intercepted by anyone while it is being
transmitted to TradingView or payment processor. While on a secure page,
such as our order form, the "lock" icon in the browser window is displayed,
confirming that a secure and encrypted connection has been established with
the Website. We work hard to ensure that our Service is secure and that we
meet industry standards. We also use other safeguards, such as firewalls,
authentication systems (i.e. passwords, and personal identification numbers),
and access control mechanisms to control unauthorized access to systems
and data. If you have chosen to create an account, you are responsible for
doing everything you reasonably can to keep your access details secret. You
must not share these details with anyone else.
---
We are constantly improving the ways we secure, store, and process the data
we collect, including the addition of physical security measures that help us
counter unauthorized access to our systems. However, no method of
electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
---
Children and sensitive personal data
This Website is not directed towards children who are under the age of 18.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children
below the age of 18 years, or sensitive personal data ("racial or ethnic origin,
political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership,
the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely
identifying a natural person, data concerning health or a natural person's sex
life or sexual orientation," etc.). Please consult Art. 9 GDPR for more
information. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information,
please contact us immediately so that we can either obtain special consent or
delete the information.
---
7. Data retention. We will keep your personal data (1) until you decide to
delete your account (upon request), or (2) as required by law or as
necessary for legitimate business purposes (i.e. for tax, legal, accounting,
fraud, or abuse prevention, and/or other purposes). This data can be
stored even after an account is deleted.
---
8. Data portability. You have the right to obtain your personal data from us,
which that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as
necessary in connection with our contract with you. We will give you your
personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable
format. You may reuse it elsewhere if you so wish.
---
International data transfers
TradingView Inc. is based in the United States and United Kingdom. The
information collected through Services will be stored on servers located in the
United States, European Union, and other destinations (including outside the
EEA), to our service providers and affiliated businesses for the purposes
described above. This is necessary to enable you to navigate and use our
Services. The data may be transmitted to our service providers and affiliates
supporting our business operations (described above).
---
Specific rights for users in California
If you are an eligible California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act
("CCPA") provides you with specific rights with respect to our collection and
use of your personal information. You have the following rights under the
CCPA:
• Right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our
collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
The list of categories of personal information collected and disclosed
about consumers are enlisted in the section 'Personal data that we collect'
and the list of categories of third parties to whom the personal information
may be disclosed are enlisted in the section 'When would we share
personal information'. Please contact us to exercise a data portability
request. Separately, we do not sell your personal information.
• Right to request delete personal information we have collected from you.
Please see the "User account deleting" section for more details.