1. Information We Access and Collect
1.1 We Do Not Collect Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information includes your name, address,
email, telephone number, fax number, information you stored on your device, and information that can be used to identify you or
other individuals when you use third-party applications, services or websites.

---

1.2 Non-Personally Identifiable Information. When you interact with our application, we may collect non-personally
identifiable information, such as your device model and the Android version you use. A detailed list of the information we access
and collect is as follows:
(1) Session and Available Data. "Session and Available Data" refers to the data and information relevant to
connections and services that you provide to us when you use third-party applications, services or websites
through our applications and services. Session and Available Data may include information related to connection
request, server communication, and data sharing (such as network testing, quality of service, date, time, and
place/location). Please note that Session and Available Data does not include any Personally Identifiable
Information, nor does it include any content (photo, contact, calendar, etc.) that you send or share through third-
party applications, services, or websites.
(2) Login Data. When you interact with us, or use our applications, services or website, our system may
automatically collect your unique device serial number, IP address, the browser or operating system you use, and
the date and time of your visit (i.e. "Login Data").
(3) Summary Information. "Summary Information" refers to the data that we collected from a group or
service types or users, from which all personally identifiable information has been removed. This means the
information about how you use third-party applications, services and websites through our applications may be
collected and analyzed together with the usage information of other individuals, but personally identifiable
information will not be included in the end Summary Information. Summary Information helps us understand user
demand trends, develop better new features and provide tailor-made applications, services, and websites.
(4) Registration Information. You may use Parallel Space without providing any personal information, but if you
choose to purchase any VIP subscriptions or one-time purchase items, an association will be made with your
Google account to retain and transfer your access to the purchased content. All associated account information is
processed by the authenticator (such as Google Play) and is not stored or used by us.

---

1.3 Special Note about Sensitive Information. In order for you to use third-party applications, services, and websites
through our applications and services normally, we must access your microphone, camera, or location, with your permission, as
described below:
(1) Microphone. We access the microphone on your device (with your permission) to ensure normal usage of
third-party applications, services, and websites that may require microphone permission to function normally.
(2) Camera. We access the camera on your device (with your permission) to ensure normal usage of third-party
applications, services, and websites that may require camera permission to function normally.
(3) Location. We access and collect your location information (with your permission) to ensure normal usage of
third-party applications, services, and websites that may require location information to function normally, and for
R&D purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
(4) Installed Applications. We access and collect your installed applications to improve and enhance our
services, and in the following ways: We analyze the data to optimize the performance of cloned apps, ensuring
smooth operation, identify and resolve compatibility issues with your device's operating system, and enable certain
cloned apps to function correctly, including account linking, notification management, and data synchronization.

---

Partners offering services in Parallel Space
Your information may be accessed and used by our service providers who are working with us in
connection with the operation of our services. These service providers may have access to your
information but only to the extent necessary to perform services on our behalf and are obligated not
to disclose that information or use it for any other purposes. These providers will collect the
information sent by your mobile phone, tablet or desktop computer, and their use of that information
is governed by their applicable privacy policy.

---

Parallel Space strives to keep confidential of your information. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information, and we have
adopted effective measures to protect your Non-Personally Identifiable Information, so that such information will not be accessed
and used without authorization. Please note that although we have taken sufficient security measures to protect your
information, there is no absolute guarantee that we can prevent your Non-Personally Identifiable Information from
being accessed or used without authorization.