Introduction
Welcome to CapCut. This Privacy Policy applies to the CapCut mobile software application ("CapCut APP"),
software applications deployed on the desktop ("CapCut Desktop version"), and the official CapCut website
("CapCut Web"), (collectively, the "Services"), and any other website or platform that links to this Privacy
Policy. This Privacy Policy also explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal
information of users and other individuals in connection with our Services.

---
For individuals in the United States, please refer to the CapCut Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy for
information about how we may collect, use, share, and otherwise process consumer health data as defined
under Washington's My Health My Data Act and other similar U.S. state laws.

---
1. What Information We Collect
We collect the following information about you:
Information You Provide
Account Information. You give us information when you register on the Services, such as your date of birth,
your email address and the corresponding password you set for your CapCut account, your phone number,
your accounts on other social network services (where applicable), and other information you choose to
disclose in your user profile, such as gender.
User Content. We may collect the content you create, upload, generate, or access through the Services,
including the photographs, images, audio recordings, and videos you upload, video templates you generate
or view, comments you make, and other actions you take on the Services, such as liking content, including
associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created) ("User Content"). When
you create User Content, we may upload or import it to the Services before you save or post the User
Content (also known as pre-uploading). For example, in order to recommend audio options, generate
captions, and to provide other personalized recommendations we may pre-upload User Content to improve
your experience. You are not required to create an account when using our Services, but some of the
functionality will be limited if you do not create an account. Additionally, we collect Information, including
text, images, and videos, found in your device's clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose
to initiate information sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard onto
the Services, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request. We may also
collect information about you where you choose to use the Services without creating an account, as
otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Your Email Contacts. Where available, if you are a registered user on our website and you choose to sign-up
or log-in to the Services using Google and expressly agree to synchronize your Google contacts, we will
collect the Gmail addresses of your contacts.
Information When You Contact Us. When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as
proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Services or information about possible
violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other policies.
Purchase Information. If you use features that involve payment, including rewards programs, or the CapCut

---
Cloud Space Service as described in our Terms of Service, we and/or our service providers or business
partners, such as payment providers, may collect information about the purchase or payment transaction,
such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and what you purchased, where
required for the purpose of payment.
Other Information. We may also collect your feedback about the Services if you choose to provide it, such as
information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, research, promotions, marketing
campaigns, events, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information. We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Services.
Such information includes your IP address, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, network type
and connections, mobile or device model, device manufacturer, country calling codes, application version
number, app and file names and types, operating system, device resolution, system language and region,
and battery information. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile
information to identify your activity across devices.
Location Information. We collect information about your approximate location, including information based
on your SIM card region and IP address. We may use such information, for example, to provide you with
personalized content.
Usage Information. We collect information about how you engage with the Services, including information
about the content you view, the duration and frequency of your use, and your engagement with other users.
This information may include issues encountered using our Services, content preferences, such as ads you
view, videos you watch, users you follow, and the stickers and filters you use. Where applicable, we process
information about your followers, the likes you receive, and responses to content you upload.
Image and Audio Information. We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part
of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location
within an image or video of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of
the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information, for example, to recommend and
moderate content, to serve you personalized ads where permitted, and to enable image and video effects.
Once an effect that uses face or body information has been applied to your content, that information is
deleted and not retained. We do not use any face or body information to identify you or other people in your
content, and we do not share such information with third parties.
Auto-Caption Text. If you use the auto caption function, we will collect the transcribed text and the edited
text in order to develop and improve this function and moderate content.
Cookies. Depending on the jurisdiction from which you access the Services, we and our service providers
and business partners use cookies to collect data and recognize you and your device(s) on the Services and
elsewhere across your different devices. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and
provide the Services. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, to measure
website traffic and functionality, and for security purposes. We may also use these technologies for
marketing purposes. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law. You have the
option to change your browser's cookie settings, usually through your browser's "options" or "preferences"
menu. However, please note that if you choose to refuse, disable, or delete cookies, some of the
functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
Third-Party Services. Where available, and if you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Services using a third-
party service such as Apple, Facebook, Google, or TikTok, such services provide us with information such as
your profile information, including your username, email, and profile picture. Depending on the service
provided, these third party services may also share your contact list, and information about your use of that

---
service.
Our Corporate Group. We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our
corporate group, including about your activities on their platform.
Others. We may receive information about you from others, for example, where you are included or
mentioned in User Content, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or
if your contact information is provided to us by a user.

---
to provide services to you through related products that are connected in functionality. Some products
may not be available in your region. In order to ensure a consistent service experience and to guarantee
interconnection between products, these related products use a unified account service to collectively
collect and process your account information across these products. The account you register for using
CapCut will allow you to use a unified account service to use related products and access these services.

---
We may also use your information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your
information, with your consent, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.

---
This section sets out how we may share your information, including Information You Provide, Automatically
Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, with third parties.

---
As a global company, the Services is supported by certain entities within our corporate group. These entities
may process Information We Collect for us as necessary to provide important functions, such as storage,
content delivery and optimization of the Services, security, research and development, analytics, online
payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation.

---
Third-Party Services
If you choose to sign up or log in to use the Services with your other social network account details or other
third-party service account details, or choose to link your Services account with other social network
accounts, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information
about your activity on the Services, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about
your use of the Services, in accordance with their privacy policies.

---
Advertising and Measurement Partners To show you ads we may share information (information collected
through your use of our Services (such as mobile identifiers and your device's IP address, and related
information about your inferred location and use of the Services)) with advertising partners. These partners
help us deliver relevant advertising across our Services.
Depending on the jurisdiction from which you access our Services, we may show you ads based on your
activity across other websites, apps and services. This information may be collected through cookies or
similar tracking technologies to show you more relevant ads. You can use the advertising controls provided
to you in your settings to opt out.

---
Legal Obligations and Rights
We may share the types of information we collect with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, or other
entities if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:

---
International Data Transfers
The personal information we collect from you may be stored on a server located outside of the country
where you live. We store the information we collect in secure servers located in Malaysia, Singapore, and the
United States. Where we transfer any personal information out of the country where you live, including for
one or more of the purposes as set out in this Policy, we will do so in accordance with the requirements of
applicable data protection laws. Entities with whom we may share your data as described herein may be
located outside of your country of residence.

---
You may also be able to manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work
with to serve advertising across the Internet by using the choices available at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and https://www.aboutads.info/choices. Further,
your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can control
whether we can collect your mobile advertising identifier for advertising through settings on your Apple and
Android devices. You can also opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the "unsubscribe" link or
mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.

---
7. Information Relating to Minors
CapCut is not directed at minors under the age of 13. The minimum age to use the Services may differ
depending on the country or region you are in. If you believe that we have collected personal information
from a minor under the minimum age, please contact us using the contact information found in the "Contact
Us" section below.

---
Verifying your identity. For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your
personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate
exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can
properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in
the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request,
authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.

---
Your Rights. Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, rectify
and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control and to withdraw your
consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. To exercise these rights, you may
contact us using the contact information set out below. We may require certain personal information for the
purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making the request.

---
Legal bases for processing. We use your personal data only as permitted by law. Our legal bases for
processing your personal data described in this Policy are described in the table below.
| Personal Information categories and processing purpose | Legal Basis |
|---|---|
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for example: when registering an account; when logging in, signing up, or linking to our Services via third party accounts; User Content and other information collected when you use our Services; your location; when contacting us; from other sources; and from your device or app to enable us to administer and provide you with the Services including enabling you to create, edit, modify and share User Content and interact with other users, and to allow you to participate in interactive features of the Services, when you choose to do so; We also use this information to promote content or to provide you with tailored or personalized information or content that may be of interest to you. | Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of the Services or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for an account to use the Services. If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests. Namely, to provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can't enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the platform in an easy and intuitive manner. |
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for example: when registering an account; when logging in, signing up, or linking to our Services via third party accounts; User Content and other information collected when you use our Services, including Image and Audio Information and Auto-Caption Text; your location; when contacting us; from other sources; and from your device or app to understand how you use the Services, and to improve and develop the Services, including to train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. | The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely, to improve and develop the Services. |
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, and share such information with advertising partners, for example: information collected when you use our Services; your location; and from your device or app to provide you with personalized advertising based on your combined activity on and off the Services, including across unaffiliated apps and websites. | We or our advertising partners ask for your consent to serve you with personalized advertising. You can withdraw your consent for personalized advertising by navigating to your in-app settings through the settings icon, selecting "ad network preferences" and clicking "Do Not Consent." Your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. |
| We use the Information You Provide and Automatically Collected Information, and share such information with advertising partners to provide you with non- personalized advertising. We or our advertising partners may show users non- personalized advertising, including those who have chosen not to receive personalized ads. | We or our advertising partners serve you non-personalized advertising. This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to show non-personalised ads to keep the Services free of charge. |
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, and share such information with our measurement and advertising partners, to measure and understand the effectiveness of advertising served on the Services, and help our advertisers determine how effective their ads have been. | This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to grow our business and to enable us, advertisers, and our measurement and advertising partners to understand how ads performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of ads that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Services free for all users. |
| The categories of information that we use will depend on the specific circumstances of each request or obligation. Depending on the circumstances, we use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for example: when registering an account; when logging in, signing up, or linking to our Services via third party accounts; User Content and other information collected when you use our Services; your location; when contacting us; from other sources; and from your device or app to comply with any legal obligation, including where necessary to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority. | This processing is necessary in order to comply with our legal obligations under European Union or Member State law. This includes situations where we have obligations to take measures to ensure the safety of our users or comply with a valid legal request such as an order from law enforcement agencies or courts. Similarly processing may be necessary to respond to regulatory requests requiring the processing of information under Chapters IV and VI of the GDPR. In other circumstances, the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely, to disclose and share information with regulators or other government entities. |
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for example: when registering an account; when contacting us; and from your device or app to communicate with you, on service related matters, respond to and process your queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback, and notify you about changes to the Services, including changes to our terms and policies. | The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you. If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests. Namely, to share meaningful updates with our users who can't enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes. |
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for example: when registering an account; User Content and other information n collected when you use our Services; your location; and from your device or app. We may use this information to send you marketing communications in accordance with your preferences. | The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to promote new developments and features of our Services. We will obtain your consent to send you messages where required by law. |
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for example: when registering an account; when logging in, singing up, or linking to our Services via third party accounts; User Content and other information collected when you use our Services; your location; when contacting us; from other sources; and from your device or app to enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies, including to ensure that you are old enough to use the Services. | The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you. If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests. Namely, to share meaningful updates with our users who can't enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes. |
| We use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for example: when registering an account; when logging in, singing up, or linking to our Services via third party accounts; User Content and other information collected when you use our Services; your Location; when contacting us; from other sources; and from your device or app to detect abuse, fraud, illegal activity, to ensure your safety and security, including scanning, analysing and reviewing User Content and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies, if permitted by applicable law. We may also use this information to conduct troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, and research. | The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely, to ensure that the Services are safe and secure, to ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and to identify misuse of the Services; and to ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Services and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning. |
| In some cases, we may aggregate or anonymize the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information from Other Sources, and use it in a way that is designed to be unable to identify you, for research, statistical, or other purposes, to the extent allowed by applicable law. | The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to conduct research and protect personal information through aggregation or anonymization, consistent with data minimization and privacy by design principles. |
| We may use the Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. The specific types of information we use will depend on the specific situation. | The processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other individuals. |
| We may use Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources, for any other purposes authorized by you. The actual information we use depends on the factual circumstances. | The processing is necessary to protect |

---
International data transfers. If you normally reside in the European Region, the personal data that we collect
about you may be further transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the European Region (for
instance, to our service providers and partners). For example, we may store the information that we collect in
secure servers located in the United States, Malaysia, and Singapore.

---
Cookies
We will, unless exempt, obtain your consent to the use of cookies. For more information about cookies,
please visit our Cookies Policy.

---
Your Choices. You may withdraw your consent to our disclosure of personal data to third parties. Upon your
request, we will display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third
parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the disclosure and/or collection of your personal
data, we may not be able to fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of Capcut's features
and functionality.
You may request that we: (i) disclose the history of personal data that we have collected; and/or (ii) erase
and dispose of your personal data that we have collected on our server. Please note that by requesting us to
erase and dispose of your personal data, you may not be able to use some of Capcut's features and
functionality.

---
Data retention. We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been
achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in the Policy have
expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-
prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to: Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic
Commerce:

---
Cookies. We will, unless exempt, obtain your consent to the use of cookies. For more information about
cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy.

---
Right to Know. You may have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you,
including the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information, the categories of sources from which
it is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing it, and information
about third parties to whom we disclose it.
Access and Data Portability. Subject to certain exceptions, you may have the right to request a copy of the
personal information that we have collected about you.
Deletion. You may have the right to request that we delete information that we collected from or about you,
subject to certain exceptions.

---
Sensitive Personal Information.
Although some of the information that we collect, use, and disclose may constitute sensitive personal
information under applicable state privacy laws, such as information from users under the age of 18,
information you disclose in survey responses or in your User Content about your racial or ethnic origin,
national origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual life or sexual orientation, status
as transgender or nonbinary, citizenship or immigration status, or financial information, we only process such
information in order to provide the Services and within other exemptions under applicable law. For example,
we may process your financial information in order to provide you the goods or services you request from us
or your driver's license number in order to verify your identity.