This Privacy Policy explains to you how we collect,
use, store, share, transfer, or otherwise process your personal data, or in the case of business users any individuals acting on your behalf.

---
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

---
1. What Personal Data We Collect from You
We collect personal data from you when you use the App, such as:
Services Usage Data. We will collect your personal data when you are accessing or using the Lark Player services, such as playlists information, including
playlists you create, liked songs, most played, recently played, play queue; playing data, including playing length of music/videos; playing history,
including video playing history, search records, and hide setting records.
Contact Information. We will collect your contact information, your feedback or your request when you contact us for customer service.
Device Information. We will collect information about the device you use, such as your device name, device type, model name and model version,
operating system, system language, region, carrier information, Wi-Fi status/parameters, App version, App ID, network connection type, User ID, Android
ID.
Technical Data. We will collect data when you use the built-in H5 pages/Flash of third parties, such as the third-party website link you shared with other
social media Apps.
Subscription Information. We will collect [information] when you subscribe to our VIP services.
For Android users, we may also apply for permissions when you use the App, such as:
Write External Storage. We will apply for the write external storage permission every time you begin to use the App.
Read External Storage. We will apply for the read external storage permission every time you begin to use the App.

---
Aggregated Personal Data refers to data that has been carefully de-identified and anonymized to ensure that it cannot be linked back to any specific
individual. We may aggregate personal data or collect aggregated data from our users, which is essential for enhancing the functionality and performance
of our services. This enables us to analyse user behaviours, improve our product's features, develop new products and services, conduct research, and other
similar purposes. We use this information to gain insights into overall usage patterns and trends, helping us make data-driven decisions to enhance the user
experience. In some cases, we may also choose to share or publish this aggregated information.

---
In addition, from time to time, we may share or publish aggregated information, like general user statistics, with third parties. We collect this information
through the services. We will maintain and use de-identified information in anonymous or de-identified form, and we will not attempt to re-identify the
information, unless required by law.

---
It may be that providing certain personal data to us is a statutory or contractual requirement, a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, or that you
are otherwise obliged to provide the data to us. If that is the case, we will inform you thereof separately, and will also explain the possible consequences if
you fail to provide such personal data to us. In all other cases, provision of the requested personal data is optional, but it may affect your ability to use
certain services or to participate in certain programs or systems, where the information is needed for those purposes.

---
2. Why Do We Collect and Use Your Personal Data
We collect and use your personal data for the following reasons/purposes and based on the following legal grounds: