As part of our ongoing efforts to improve our Service, we have updated our Privacy
Policy, which now better reflects our privacy standards, as well as offers greater
transparency about the data we collect and the way we use it.

---

We encourage you to fully review the updated Privacy Policy, but here are some of
the most important changes:
•
More detail about the information we collect
•
More detail about your rights with respect to that information
•
More detail on principles we adhere to when processing your personal
information
• Updated Cookie policy

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

With this Privacy Policy we want to help you make the best decisions about how
and what information you share with us. Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide
transparency in our privacy practices and give you the opportunity to understand
what information we collect, why we collect it, how we use your Personal
information and what are your rights regarding any of your shared information.

---

Photomath is a service that reads and solves mathematical problems by using the
camera of your mobile device in real time. We are committed to provide you with
the best user experience while protecting and respecting your privacy at all times.

---

This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms of Use, available
at photomath.com/terms and any other documents referred to in it) applies to the
Photomath mobile application (the "Application") and the related website located
at photomath.com and its subdomains (the “Website”) (the Application and the
Website collectively the “Service”) and sets out the basis on which any personal
data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be handled by us.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

3. Information We May Collect From You
In order to guarantee the best user experience while you use the Service, we may
collect the following types of personal data from you:
(i) Data You Provide to Us Directly
We collect information you provide directly to us. In particular, we may collect the
following information from our users that may, in certain circumstances, constitute
personal data:
• Images and text you send for the purpose of providing feedback about the
Service;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

•
•
Your email address, if you choose to subscribe to our mailing list, request
support or provide feedback about the Service;
Your email address, screen name and age, if you chose to register and are of
eligible age for registering a Photomath account;
• Subscription information. When you subscribe or choose to use our paid
Services, you will provide us or our payment service provider with information
such as credit or debit card number or other financial information; and
• Any other information you choose to provide to us or in the Service during a
promotion or similar event – we use information you provide for that purpose
only.

---

If you contact us or our customer care team, we will collect the data you provide. A
record of this correspondence may also be kept to ensure a high quality customer
service.

---

(ii) Data Collected Automatically
The Service may automatically collect the following information from you that in
certain circumstances may constitute personal data:
•
Location data: We may collect, use and share location data, including the real-
time geographic location of your device, in connection with your use of the
Service, for example using IP address, satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi
signals. The location information may be used as part of certain features of the
Service, such as for example to change default language shown in the Service.
By using the Service, you consent to the collection of your location
information;
• Usage data: We collect information on the ways in which you use the Service,
such as how long you spend on certain parts on the Service. This information
helps us understand better how people use our Service and how we can
improve their user experience. Additionally, details of transactions you carry
out through the Service, such as in-app purchase history or math problems,
may also be collected. Such information might be stored on a device storage
and sent to the Service servers;
•
Device data: We collect information about the device you use to access the
Service, including for example the hardware model, operating system and

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

version, app instance identifiers (non-hardware), unique device identifiers,
MAC address, IP Address, and mobile network information:
• Images or videos taken from the camera: We use images and videos taken with
your device camera through the app. This information is used to recognize and
solve a problem you are trying to solve. This information together with
derivatives is used for problem indexing and might be used for testing and
improving the quality and features of the Service. Such information might be
stored on device storage and sent to the Service servers when your device is
connected to a Wi-Fi network. Using a wi-fi network might incur additional
charges.
• Analytics technologies: Technologies such as cookies*, beacons, anonymous
unique identifiers, tags, crash logs and scripts are used in the Service. We use
these technologies to analyze trends, administer the Service, enable features
on the Service, track users' movements around the Service and to gather
demographic information about our users. We use technology created by third
parties to enable such technological features.
•
Traffic optimization and distribution: To provide a better user experience, the
Service might use third-party services for traffic optimization and distribution.
These service providers who automatically collect data and share it with us
have their own privacy policies applicable to their operations. Such providers
also uses cookies*
• Third party analytics providers: We may use third-party analytics services to
analyze the Service on our behalf. These service providers may use cookies*,
web beacons, crash logs and other technologies to collect information about
your use of the Service. These service providers enable us to collect, monitor
and analyze data regarding the use of the Service, in order to understand how
users use the Service and to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of
the Services, as well as to better tailor the Service to users' needs.
Accordingly, some automatically collected data is shared with such third party
service providers, who have their own privacy policies applicable to their
operations. The current list of analytics service providers can be requested
from us by contacting us at privacy@photomath.com.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

b) We use the data collected automatically for the
following purposes:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

5. The principles we apply when collecting your
Personal Information.
Whatever the reason for collecting your Personal Information, and whatever that
Information might be, rest assured that we will always be transparent and will rely
on the following principles:
• Consent: If we want to collect your data, we will ask you first. We will also
provide a contact address where you can withdraw your consent in any time.
• Legitimate interest: We will use your information where we have legitimate
interest to do so. For instance, we will use the pictures taken by you in order to
provide the Service and gather information about how to improve our Al.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• Privacy by default: We have implemented appropriate measures for ensuring
that only necessary data is processed for each specific purpose. In practice,
this is shown in the amount of personal data collected, the extent of data
processing and their accessibility.

---

These entities may use cookies, other technologies to collect such information,
including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed,
time spent on Services, links clicked, and conversion information (but NOT
including your name, email address, mailing address, or telephone number).

---

The personal data collected in the Service may be disclosed in the following
manner:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

b) Data collected automatically:
The data collected automatically in the Service may be disclosed to the following
categories of third parties:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Moreover, we may disclose information to third parties in an aggregate or derivative
format that does not constitute personal data and does not allow the identification
of individual users. This is information gathered and expressed in a summary form
for purposes such as statistical analysis, and so is not personal data for the
purposes of data protection law, such as GDPR. For more, please see the
Definitions section below.

---

We may decide to expand our Services from time to time with additional third-party
content to provide you with added features and better user experience. The use of
such third-party content will never be a prerequisite for using the Services. Should
you choose to use such third-party content, you may have to provide some
Personal Information to such third party.

---

• Right to be forgotten. The right to request deletion of all available data we hold
about you. Should you ever wish to start anew, contact us and we will delete all
personal information which was collected during your use of Services.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• Right to object. This right allows you to request from us to stop processing
your data at any time, either for direct marketing purposes or otherwise. We
only process your Personal information for direct marketing purposes if you
have expressly allowed such processing with the positive action; in other
words, if you have opted-in for such processing. In any case, we only collect
user personal information if we have legitimate interest to do so.

---

• Right to data minimization. This right requires from us that the data we collect
must be relevant and sufficient only to fulfill the purpose for which this
information was collected.

---

By providing information to the Service that forms the basis of communications with
you, such as contact information, you agree to receive electronic communications
from us. However, you have the right to opt out of receiving electronic direct
marketing communications from us: All electronic direct marketing communications

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• Consent: If we want to collect your data, we will ask you first. This is important
to us as we want you to always be in full control of your Personal information.
We will also provide a contact address where you can withdraw your consent
at any time.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• Legitimate interest: We will use your information where we have legitimate
interest to do so. For instance, we will use the pictures taken by you in order to
gather information about how to improve our Al.

---

• Privacy by default: We have implemented appropriate measures for ensuring
that only necessary data is processed for each specific purpose. In practice,
this is shown in the amount of personal data collected, the extent of data
processing, and their accessibility.

---

10. Our cookie policy
Cookies are small text files stored within a web browser which can be retrieved
when you return to the website again.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, and as most other service providers, we also use
cookies and similar tracking technologies which help us remember your
preferences, keep you signed in, letting you navigate between pages efficiently and
to generally improve your user experience. Some cookies are necessary for the
functioning of our Services or they help us improve our performance by providing
analytical data and some are used for marketing purposes. Our Privacy Policy uses
the term "cookies" for all such technologies.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• First-party cookies (our own cookies) are created by web location that you
visit, for instance, our Website. Such a web location is shown in the address
bar. Data stored in our own cookies are anonymous and do not contain
personal data such as personal name or email address. Therefore, it is not
possible to connect data stored in cookies with a particular person.
• Third-party cookies are created by other web locations. Please note that we
may not control the storage or access to these cookies. You should review the
privacy and cookie policies of these services to find out how these third parties
use cookies. In addition, for more information on how third parties use these
types of cookies, visit the following
link: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/.

---

Cookies generally do not hold any information to identify an individual person but
are instead used to identify a browser or an individual device.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Analytics
These cookies and scripts are used to measure, understand, and anonymously
report on your usage of our Website. They help us understand how visitors interact
with the Website by collecting and reporting information anonymously. This Website
uses Google Analytics, a service of Internet analysis provided by Google LLC
("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies for the analysis of your use of the
Website. Information generated by cookie on your use of this Website is transferred
to the United States of America. For more information, please see Privacy and data
security policy on the following
link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. Third-party
cookie used: Google Analytics (2 years).

---

Marketing
These cookies are used to deliver adverts on our or third party websites more
relevant to you and your interests, as well as to measure the effectiveness of
advertising campaigns. We may utilize cookies and technologies from our
marketing partners (Google), and/or social media platforms (Facebook). These
technologies help us measure the efficacy of our marketing campaigns and to
understand how visitors navigate to the Websites from our ads on other websites.
They help us and our marketing partners (Google LLC and/or Facebook Inc.)
determine how many times people who click on our ads end up using our services
or performing a particular action, which information will be transmitted to our
aforementioned marketing partners. These technologies are used to compile
statistics about visitors who interact with the Websites and our other online content,
to estimate the effectiveness of our ads, and to provide more pertinent information
to our visitors. This also includes using previously collected information about your
interests to select ads and whether you took any action related to the
advertisement, including for example clicking an ad. For this purposes we use:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

(ii) Facebook-Pixel
We use "Facebook Pixel" of the social network Facebook Inc. (Facebook). The
Facebook pixel can track the behavior of users after clicking on a Facebook ad.
With the aid of the Facebook pixel, we can understand how our marketing measures
are being adopted on Facebook and, if necessary, are taking optimization
measures. For more information on cookies and similar technologies placed by
Facebook, please visit: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ . If you want
to disable cookie storage placed by Facebook, you need to change your browser
settings. The data collected by our Website remain anonymous and do not provide
any information about the identity of the users. Facebook stores and processes the
data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook Data
Directive, which we invite you to visit at
(https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We take reasonable measures to protect your Personal information from
unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, by
retaining it in a firewalled and secured database with strictly limited and controlled
access rights, using encryption. Despite these efforts to store personal data
collected in and through the Service in a secure operating environment that is not
available to the public, we cannot guarantee the security of personal data during its
transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the
integrity and security of personal data, we cannot guarantee that our security
measures will prevent third-parties such as so-called hackers from illegally
obtaining access to personal data. We do not warrant or represent that personal
data about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.

---

12. California residents
If you are a California resident, then the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
applies to you and regulates how we should act in respect to the collection,
possession, and sale of your Personal information.

---

a) Your rights
• The right to request disclosure of the personal information we have collected in
the past 12 months and how it was used and shared;
• The right to delete personal information we have collected (and receive a reply
within 45 days, or 90 days pursuant to such notification)

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

As we operate globally, some elements of the Service may be hosted on servers
located in countries outside your own country. The laws applicable to the protection
of personal data in such countries may be different from those applicable in your
home country. In particular, if you are located within the European Union, please
note that personal data collected by us is transferred outside the European Union /
European Economic Area. By using our Services, you consent to personal data
about you being transferred outside your own country and, where applicable,
outside the European Union / European Economic Area.

---

Wherever we transfer your Personal information, or otherwise store or process such
information, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your Personal
information. These steps may include obtaining your consent or implementing
contractual clauses defining rules and obligations in respect to such transfer or
processing.

---

14. Advertising
To support and enhance the Services, we work with a variety of third party
advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis
firms such as Facebook and Google (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service
Providers"). These Third Party Advertising Service Providers collect and use
personal data about your visits to and use of the Website and mobile Application, as
well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements and content
tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests or better understand ad
effectiveness. Aggregate demographic and interest data will also be used for
market research purposes.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices
about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for online behavioral
advertising (for example, Apple iOS' Advertising ID and Google Android's
Advertising ID). Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all
advertisements to you.

---

15. Children's Privacy
We keep track of your age when you use our Services. This is because we will
never knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years of age (or
applicable age in your country).

---

If you learn that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child, please
contact us at privacy@photomath.com.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We only collect and therefore store anonymized data from your first use of
Services. In the absence of any legal requirements regarding data retention we
intend to keep it that way. For other cases, for example Tax law or Employment law,
we shall comply with applicable law requirements.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Cookies. Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your computer, tablet
or mobile phone when you use the Service (visit a website or application).