Your personal data, which you provided/will provide to our Company and/or obtained by our
Company by any external means, may be processed by our Company as “Data Controller”;
In the context of the objective of processing your personal data and in connection
with this purpose, in a limited and measured manner,
By maintaining the accuracy and up-to-date version of the personal data as reported
or notified to our Company,
May be recorded, stored, preserved, reorganized and be transferred to the institutions
authorized to request such personal data by law and shall be transferred, classified
and shared with third parties within the country or abroad under the conditions
stipulated by legislation and upon your explicit consent if necessary, and they may be
processed by other means listed under the legislation and be subject to other
procedures set forth in the legislation.

---

This Privacy Policy describes which data we collect, how we intend to use, store, protect and
share the data we collect, how you can withdraw your consent for the processing of these
data and how you can correct and revise the data.

---

2. Collection of Personal Data and Method
Company may process your personal data for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
The personal data of users collected and used by Company in particular, are as follows: your
name and surname, phone number, e-mail address (if you contact us), your order information
if you make a purchase; texts, audio records or other data which you have uploaded, sent or
transmitted to, or shared with Smart Noter Application (Application) and identifier for
advertisers designated in your mobile device used in accessing our services (The Identifier
for Advertisers-IDFA), identifier for vendors/developers designated your mobile device (The
Identifier for Vendors-IDVF) and Internet Protocol Address-IP Address.

---

Data Categories and Data Types
| Contact and Identity Information | Name, surname, phone number, e-mail address (if you contact us) |
|---|---|
| Process Security | Internet traffic data (network movements, IP address, visit data, time and date information, information about your access and use of our website/application, time and date information, browser type, browser version, the pages of the website/application that you visit, the time spent on pages of the website/application, information about the time and date when you receive and see the messages from and to the Application communication account/address), operating system, screen size, device name, purchase history, Token ID (when you allow notifications through your device), identifier for advertisers designated in your mobile device used in accessing our services (if you give a permission, the Identifier for Advertisers-IDFA), identifier for vendors/developers designated your mobile device (The Identifier for Vendors-IDVF) |
| Audio Recordings, Transcripts and Related Data | Audio Recordings: Audio recordings, e.g., recordings of meetings, that you provide to the Application Transcripts: Text-based transcripts of your audio recordings; and their summaries. Related Data: Relating data that the audio recordings or transcripts may entail. |

You represent and warrant that you know that you have to
obtain consent from all relevant persons before sharing any
information relating to them (e.g., before sharing an audio
recording of a meeting, you must obtain consent from all
participants) and you obtained such consent from all
persons before sharing any information with us. You
confirm that you do not violate any third party's right or
privacy when using Application. You are solely and strictly
responsible and liable that the information you provide with
or through Application does not violate any applicable law
or the rights and privacy of any third party (see the Terms
and Conditions for more information).
You retain control over the storage and deletion of this
information. Your recordings, transcripts, and related data
will be stored on our secure servers until you request their
deletion or your account is terminated. You can manage
these settings through your account or by reaching out to us
at smartnoter@codespaceapps.co
Please do not share any content that might have sensitive
personal information. Furthermore, please be advised that
the provision of any financial information, social security
numbers, health information, images of other individuals,
any information on children, or any other sensitive or
confidential information via Application is strictly
prohibited.
Please note that we do store this information in accordance
with this Privacy Policy and relevant legislation, especially
in order to be able to provide services. Company does not
share this information with third parties, except as
necessary to provide our service (for instance, to provide
AI-generated transcripts and summaries of the audio
recordings). At any time, you can request the deletion of
this information. Your other rights regarding this
information are outlined in detail in this Privacy Policy

| User content | messages, posts, communication, statements, information, phrases, entries, text, questions, materials, files, documents, links, images, photos, videos, visual and audio records, voice recording, graphics, media, responses, answers, choices, and any content, record or data that you provide, upload, transmit, create, store, use, edit or share with or through Application. |
|---|---|
| Customer Transaction | Order information |
| Marketing Data | IDFA, IDVF |

---

We may collect your abovementioned data directly from you through electronic or physical
mediums, your mobile device, web browsers, web pages, websites, third party applications
(such as iMessage, WhatsApp etc) or third party sources which you can access our
application through these mediums such as Apple App Store, Google Play App Store (similar
platforms together with "App Stores"), for the purposes of compliance with legal
obligations, enhancing our services, administering your use of our services, as well as
enabling you to enjoy and easily navigate our services.

---

We may collect your log data generated while you are using our services/applications
(through our products or third party products). This log data may include information such as
your device's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
configuration of the app when utilizing our service/application, the time/date of your use of
the service/application, and other statistics.

---

In accordance with this Privacy Policy, personal data are processed by Company as a data
controller in line with the basic principles named here: (i) being in accordance with law and
good faith, (ii) being accurate and, where necessary, up-to-date, (iii) being processed for
specific, explicit and legitimate purposes, (iv) being limited for the purpose for which they
are processed and data minimization; and (v) being stored for the period stipulated in the
relevant legislation or required for the purpose for which they are processed.

---

3. Purposes of Processing Personal Data and Legal Reasons
Your personal data will be processed via automatic or non-automatic means for the purposes
stated below, in accordance with the applicable legislation and articles 5 and 6 of the PDP
Law where it is expressly permitted by the laws, the establishment of a contract or direct
relation to the execution or performance of the contract and for the legitimate interests of
Company provided that your fundamental rights and freedoms are protected.
a) Purposes of Processing Personal Data
In accordance with this text, your personal data is processed for the following purposes in
accordance with the above general conditions:

---

We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also
let you know why we're collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our
request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you
with some of your desired services without it.

---

While using the Application, you may provide information through third party websites and
apps to Company, please be aware that your liability and obligations against third party apps
or website will continue and Company shall not be held responsible any terms, conditions,
rules or policies determined by third parties.

---

Cookies
Cookies are little text files that are stored on the browser or hard drive of your computer or
mobile device when you visit a webpage or application. Cookies allow a website to run
more efficiently in addition to ensuring the presentation of personalized web pages in order
to make you live a faster visit experience which is more fit for your specific personal needs
and demands. Containing only data on your website visit history via the internet, cookies do
not collect any information, including your personal data/files stored on your computer or
mobile device. We may use cookies when it is necessary for operating our services, to
enhance our service performance and functionality, and to deliver content, including ads
relevant to your interests, on our sites, or third-party sites. You can delete cookies which are
already present on your computer and prevent the recording/location of cookies on your
internet explorer.
Internet browsers are predefined to automatically accept the cookies as default. As the
management of cookies varies from browser to browser, you may look at the help menu of
the browser or application to get detailed information.

---

Your data will be stored for the duration specified in the applicable legislation or for a
reasonable time until the purpose of processing cease to exist, or during legal periods of
limitation.

---

Company may continue to store your personal data, even after the expiry of the purpose of
its use provided that it is required by other laws or a separate granted by you in this regard.

---

In cases that you allow Company to store your personal data for additional time by giving
your consent, such data shall be immediately deleted, destructed or anonymized upon the
expiry of such additional time or once the purpose of processing no longer exists.

---

Company stores the personal data it processes in accordance with relevant legislation for
periods stipulated in relevant legislation or required for the purpose of processing. Company
undertakes to take all necessary technical and administrative measures and to take the due
care to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal data. In this context, it
takes the necessary measures to prevent unlawful processing of personal data, unauthorized
access to data, unlawful disclosure, modification or destruction of data. Accordingly,
Company takes the following technical and administrative measures regarding the personal
data it processes:

---

Logging. All transaction records regarding sensitive data are securely logged.

---

Backup. Company periodically backs up the data it stores. As a backup mechanism, it uses
the backup facilities provided by the cloud infrastructure providers, as well as the backup
solutions it develops when deemed necessary, provided that it is in compliance with relevant
legislation and provisions of this Policy.

---

In the event that the personal data is damaged as a result of attacks on Application or on the
Company system, despite Company taking the necessary information security measures, or
the personal data is obtained by unauthorized third parties, Company notifies this situation to
Users immediately and, if necessary, to relevant data protection authority and takes
necessary measures.

---

Right to data portability - To request the data collected by Company to be transferred
directly to another organization or under certain conditions,