Thank you for using TeraBox. TeraBox is provided to you by Flextech Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Flextech",
"we", or "us"). We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, store,
process, share and use your information when you access our website, software, and services (the "Services").

---

We only collect and use your personal information for legal, legitimate, and necessary purposes. Specifically,
we collect and process your personal information to provide you with our services and functions. If you use
other people's personal information to access our services and functions, please ensure that you have been
authorized to do so, and we reserve the right to verify if such personal information is legally used at any time.

---

We will ask for your separate consent in specific circumstances in strict accordance with laws and regulations.
In addition to this Privacy Policy, we may also explain our rules for processing your personal information
through notifications on pages of the product, pop-up prompts, push notifications, and so forth. The
processing of personal information for each service or function is subject to specific rules, which have the
same effect as this Privacy Policy.

---

What information is collected and for what purpose
The table below lists the types of information you submit to us when you use the Services and the purposes for
which we may use that information. We collect and use the following information to deliver, optimize, protect,
and promote the Services.

---

| Type of Information | Purpose of Collection |
|---|---|
| Account information: We collect information such as the email address and phone number that you provide to us when you perform operations such as registering for an account (if you log in with an SNS account, then we will receive your nickname and SNS profile image), and link such information with your account. | We may use this information to identify you as the account owner and to keep your account secure. We may collect this information when you log in to your account. |
| User data: It is data that you store on TeraBox, such as files, documents, photos, videos, and audio ("user data"). | We may store, process, and transfer user data and relevant information to ensure proper operations for the Services and enable you to collaborate with others and work across devices and Services. User data includes the information, size, upload date and time, and usage of your configuration files. |
| Usage information: It is information about how the Services are used, including operations performed in your account such as editing, viewing, creating, and moving files or folders. | We can use this information to provide, improve, and promote the Services and protect TeraBox users. |
| Device information: This refers to information about the device used to access the Services and may include IP address, browser, and device information, web pages visited prior to accessing TeraBox, identifiers tied to the device, and location information depending on the device settings. | We may use this information to optimize and protect the Services. |
| Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of text that are sent to your browser by the website when you visit TeraBox. You can set your browser not to accept cookies, though this may affect the functionality of the Services. | We may use cookies and similar technologies to deliver, optimize, protect, and promote the Services. Cookies allow us to remember your username between logins, to better understand how you use the Services, and to improve the Services on the basis of this information. The third-party service providers we work with may also use cookies and similar technologies. |

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

and email addresses (including those for Facebook
and Twitter) on your phone. Such information is
sensitive personal information. If you refuse to
provide it, you cannot use the above-mentioned
functions but can normally use other TeraBox
functions and related services.

---

others to use TeraBox. The above functions are available after you have
granted us permission to access your contacts. We store this information on
our server for you to use. Before sharing any data, please think through if the
recipient is trustworthy. In addition, in order to ensure that prudent decisions
are made, we recommend that you check the privacy statements of SNS or
third-party service providers to learn how they process your information.

---

| Clipboard: When you register a Terabox account using someone's invitation code, access file links shared by other users, add friends through passwords, or obtain membership services through redemption codes, we will read your clipboard information. | We will access the clipboard information to assist you in opening the file corresponding to the link, identify the user corresponding to the password and invitation code, or redeem membership services for you. We will never read your clipboard for any other purpose. |
|---|---|

---

You can create a TeraBox account using your mobile phone number and complete your account information.

---

In the event that it is required by laws and regulations, necessary for us to provide the product or the Services,
or based on your demand to enhance the security of your account, you must provide your real name, identity
document number, and facial recognition information for account authentication to use some Terabox services
or to meet your further needs. In order to verify that the information you provide is accurate and complete, or
ensure the security of your account, we may compare the real-name information you provide to Terabox with
that registered at institutions permitted by laws and regulations or authorized by government agencies.

---

The above information is collected for the purpose of reliably and securely providing the Services and for
legitimate business purposes. We or our partners will request your consent prior to processing your information
for any other purpose beyond those specifically stated.

---

You agree that we can aggregate, integrate, identify, analyze, portray, or further process the personal
information actively or passively provided by you in the Services through the technology of us or our trustees to
form a variety of label information with different degrees of granularity that reflect your operation habits,
interests, or credit (hereinafter referred to as "label information"). We will use label information for automated
decision-making in specific scenarios and applications, so as to send you personalized information and/or
marketing information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We may work with certain trusted third parties (such as customer support or IT service providers) that can help
us better deliver, optimize, protect, and promote the Services. These third parties may have access to your
information to perform tasks on our behalf, during which we remain responsible for the third parties' handling
of your information in accordance with our requirements.

---

We may share infrastructure, systems, and technology with Flextech affiliates to deliver, optimize, protect, and
promote the Services. These affiliates will use your information in conjunction with us and the information you
have listed in the "What information is collected and for what purpose" section for the purposes described
therein. We will be responsible for granting these companies access to your information.

---

You may choose to connect to your TeraBox account through a third-party service. By connecting to a service
of this kind, you allow the third parties and us to exchange the information listed in the "What information is
collected and for what purpose" section of this Privacy Policy so that the third parties and we can deliver,
optimize, protect, and promote their services. In these cases, the use of your information will be governed by
the privacy policies and terms of service of the third parties whose services you choose to connect through.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We will collect, use, store, and transfer your information based on the principle of "minimization", and inform
you of the purpose and scope of use of the information by means of user agreement, privacy policy, rules, pop-
up notifications, notices, and so on.

---

We attach great importance to information security. We have a dedicated team to develop and employ a variety
of security technologies and programs. We carry out security background checks on personnel in charge of
security management and those in critical security positions. We have established a complete information
security management system and internal mechanisms for handling security events and more. We take
appropriate security measures and technical means in line with industry standards to store and protect your
personal information, so as to prevent your information from being lost or accessed, disclosed, used, damaged,
or revealed without authorization. All reasonable and feasible measures are being taken for protecting your
personal information. In addition, we use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data and apply
trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Where we store and process your information
While providing the Services, we may store, process, and transfer your information in Japan, and you agree to
provide your information. Your information may also be stored on the local device used to access the Services.

---

1. The right of access
If you wish to know the extent to which your personal information is collected, saved, and shared by TeraBox or
the purpose of processing such information, you can contact us for details.

---

2. The right of rectification and supplementation
If you find any error in your personal information processed by us, you have the right to rectify the error or add
the missing information. After your identity has been verified, you can submit your rectification or
supplementation application to us by means of feedback and error reporting or through the aforementioned
contact information. We will reply to you as soon as possible after receiving your application.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

4. The right of withdrawal of consent
The implementation of each service or function requires some basic personal information. For any additional
collection and use of your personal information, you may give or withdraw your consent at any time.

---

You can directly disable access to the contacts, photos, camera, and so on in the system of your device,
change the scope of consent, or withdraw your authorization.

---

6. The right of copy and data portability
You have the right to copy your personal information collected by us. On the premise that it is required by laws
and regulations, in compliance with the instructions and conditions stipulated by competent authorities, and
technically feasible, you may request us to transfer your personal information to another designated subject.

---

You can control your retained personal information ("the retained personal information") and decide how it is
collected, used, and shared in accordance with the Japan Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI).
For example, you may
a. request disclosure of the retained personal information that identifies you
b. request corrections, additions, or deletions to the retained personal information when the content of the
information that identifies you is not true
c. immediately delete or stop using the retained personal information, if the information was obtained
unlawfully by us or if we are using the information in an unlawful manner
d. immediately stop providing the retained personal information if we unlawfully provide the information to
a third party