Our apps work without registration, anyway personal data is still processed. The Gluak apps provide the
following basic functions:
• Favourite team and competitions
• Provision of results of football matches in the apps and via push notifications
In order to use the basic functions, the apps generate a number which is specific to the device when
opened for the first time. This number cannot be assigned to a specific person. In addition, in order to
technically display the named content, the operating system used (for example, Android or iOS), the
hostname of th e accessing device (IP address) and the time of the server request are processed. Due to
the way the Internet functions, the brief saving of the IP address is technically necessary. On the basis of
the IP address, a location search will be ca rried out. For reasons connected to data protection, this only
takes place on the geographical level of the country from where the access is taking place. By me ans of
this, it is not possible to trace the concrete location or place of residence of a user. The data in technical
protocols (so-called log files) are evaluated by us in anonymised form in order to continually improve our
apps and make them more user friendly, as well as in order to find and correct errors more quickly. The
data processing is necessary so that you can find out about the content of our apps. us with certain e
request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
---
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide personally identifiable
information, including but not limited to Android Advertising Id, iOs Advertising Identifier. The information
that w
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third p arty service providers used by the app
• Google Play Services
• AdMob
• Firebase Analytics
• Fabric
• Crashlytics
• Matomo
---
Lo g Data
we want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an These error in the app we
collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating
system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of
the Service, and other statistics.
---
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and
libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Service Providers
we may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
< li>To facilitate our Service:
• To provide the Service on our behalf:
• To perform Service-related services; or
• To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
we want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your 11 be directed eview
(END) Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
---
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has
provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or
guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us
so that we will be able to do necessary actions.