This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if
anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information
that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in
this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Home Planner 3D
unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

---
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The
information that I request is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
· Firebase Analytics

---
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party
products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the
Service, and other statistics.

---
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from
the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to
collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

---
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

---
Data Deletion
You have the right to remove your account and all the information which is stored with it at any given time. You can do so by selecting
“Support” > “Delete” on your profile page in the app. Alternatively, you can delete your account by e-mailing
support@homeplannerapp.com.
When you account is deleted, all the personal information and other data linked to it is also deleted.