BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING, ACCESSING, CLICKING ON 'I AGREE' OR OTHERWISE USING OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (as
defined below), YOU (1) INDICATE THAT YOU ARE OF LEGAL CONTRACTUAL AGE, AND (2) YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL CAPACITY
TO EXECUTE THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THAT YOU HAVE EXECUTED IT THROUGH A LEGAL GUARDIAN OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE (as the case
may be), AND (3) YOU AGREE TO CONTRACT ELECTRONICALLY WITH KAHA, AND (4) THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND CONSENTED
TO THE TERMS CONTAINED AND THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND (5) THAT YOU PARTICULARLY
CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, PROCESSING, COPYING, BACKUP, STORAGE, TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR DATA BY KAHA AND ITS
ASSOCIATED PARTIES OR ITS CONTRACTORS / SUB-CONTRACTORS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, FROM AND TO THE UNITED STATES, EUROPE,
SINGAPORE, INDIA OR OTHER COUNTRIES OR JURISDICTIONS POTENTIALLY OUTSIDE OF YOUR OWN.

---

KaHa takes Your privacy very seriously and care about how Your personal information is used and shared. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as
it details the information we collect from you, how we use and share Your information, how you can control the use of your personal data, and how
your personal data is protected when you use our products and services. We do not sell or trade your personally identifiable information.

---

2. What Information is collected about You
2.1 Information you provide Us directly/indirectly - Generally, You share information directly or indirectly with us in the following ways:
a. When you submit any forms, including but not limited to, customer inquiry forms, gift claiming forms, pre-registration forms or other forms
relating to any of our Products and/or Services; or when you register for certain services on our Products and/or Services, or elsewhere with
our Associated Parties or other partners, access or use functions, services or features provided by the Products and/or Services; or when you
enter into any agreement or provide other documentation or information in respect of your interactions with us, or when you use our Products
or Services; or when you interact with our staff, including customer support staff, for example, via website, telephone calls (which may be
recorded), letters, fax, face-to-face meetings, social media platforms and emails; or when you request that we contact you or request that you
be included in an email or other mailing list; or when you respond to our promotions, initiatives or to any request for additional Personal
Information; or when you are contacted by, and respond to, our marketing representatives and customer support team; or when we seek
information about you and receive your Personal Data in connection with your relationship with us; or when you submit an employment
application or when you provide documents or information including your resume and/or CVs in connection with any appointment as an officer,
director, representative or any other position; or when you submit your Personal Data to us for any other reasons.
In all such circumstances you may provide Your Personal Data such as name, contact number, postal address, email address, username,
height, weight, profile photo, Your location data (if you allow access), including, without limitation, the real-time geographic location of Your
device that is used along with the Product or Service. Further, all Users of our Products and Services are part of the COVENET® Network, and
during an alert by a COVENET® Network User or for provision of certain features and services, we may use your wearable device to collect
publicly broadcasted technical data of other devices near You.
b. If you register to our Products or Services through a third-party website or services such as, without limitation, Google or Facebook, then
We may receive Your images/photos and other information available about You on such third-party website. We may also receive information
about you from publicly and commercially available sources (as permitted by law). We may also receive information about you from our eco-
system and commercial partners, and third-party social networking services when you choose to connect or register with those services.
Further, please note where you have permitted such third-parties (including without limitation Google and/or Facebook and/or WhatsApp) to

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

collect Your usage and other data from other mobile applications, then such data shall be collected by them from our Application as well. KaHa
is not responsible for the data collected or the privacy practices of such third-parties and Your use of such third-parties services is subject to
the terms of use, privacy policies and any additional guidelines prescribed by such third-parties.
c. Wherever You have nominated or given consent, some or all of your Personal Data may be visible to Your Nominees. Where You have
nominated one or more of Your Nominees, You provide us Your Nominee's details such, without limitation, Your Nominee's name, phone
number, email-id etc. If you provide us with any Personal Data relating to Your Nominees, by submitting such information to us, you represent
to us that you have obtained the consent of Your Nominee(s) to provide us with their Personal Data for the respective purposes. Using certain
features in our Products and/or Services, You may choose to share messages, including without limitation, on one or more social media
platforms. KaHa has access to all messages that are generated or shared using our Products or Services.
d. You should ensure that all Personal Data submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in
our inability to provide you with the products and services you have requested, or delays in providing you with products and services you have
requested or processing your requests.

---

2.2 Information that is automatically collected when you visit/use our Products or Services - When you download and/or visit certain Products or
Services, certain information may be collected automatically, which includes Your device's Internet Protocol (IP) Address, Your browser type and
operating system, Your network service provider, Web pages and links you visit, advertisements you view. When you browse our website, you
generally do so anonymously but please see paragraph below for information on cookies and other technologies which we have implemented. Our
Products or Services may also use Cookies and similar technologies.

---

3. How we use the information we collect
3.1 General - KaHa may use the information collected from you (a) to register You or Your device for one or more Products or Services; (b) to
administer, process or fulfil a Product or Service You request or consent to, (c) to contact You and provide to You promotions or gifts You have
enrolled into; (d) for providing customer service and support (including, but not limited to, customer relationship management,
processing/responding to enquiries, processing your request and emails, processing and settlement of any bills, facilitating, arranging and
providing notifications/reminders of your appointments etc., contacting you, providing follow-up calls, providing you with administrative
support), (e) to provide personalised services, customized content, and make recommendations based on Your past activities on our Products or
Services, (f) to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between You and us; and (g) purposes which are reasonably related to
the aforesaid.

---

3.2 If you submit an application to us as a candidate for employment or internships, We will use your Personal Data for, (a) conducting interviews;
(b) processing your application (including but not limited to pre-recruitment checks involving your qualifications and facilitating interviews); (c)
obtaining references and for background screening; (d) assessing your suitability for the position applied for; (e) enrolling successful candidates
as our employees and facilitating human resource planning and management (including but not limited to preparing letters of employment, name
cards and building access passes); and/or purposes which are reasonably related to the aforesaid.

---

3.3 If you are existing employee of KaHa, we process Your Personal Data that are necessary for (a) management, administration and termination
of your employment with us, including without limitation, for inducting you into the company, providing remuneration, appraisals & performance
evaluations, employee engagements, internal testing of Products and Services (should You choose to be a part of it) providing tools and
software, for Your travel, accommodation and Visa requirements, administering termination processes etc.; (b) for company's business
continuity purposes; (c) for conducting analytics and research for human resource planning and management, and for us to review, develop,
optimise and improve work-related practices, environment and productivity; (d) compliance with any applicable rules, laws and regulations,
codes of practice or guidelines or to assist in law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities (including but not limited to disclosures
to regulatory bodies, conducting audit checks or surveillance and investigation); (e) any other purposes relating to any of the above.

---

3.4 Marketing - We may also use your information to provide or market to you about our or our Associated Party (ies)'s existing and/or new
products or services, including but not limited to, updates, offers, special offers, newsletters, promotions, service upgrades, loyalty, reward, and
marketing programmes and/or membership programmes (including, without limitation, sending of updates, event invitations, newsletters and
marketing and promotional information to you pursuant to such programmes), which may be relevant to your preferences and profile, and by all
possible modes of communication, if you have provided your prior consent or we are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law.
By downloading, installing, copying, accessing, clicking on 'I agree' or otherwise using our Products and/or Services, You consent that We may
reach out to you via emails or other communication to offer you promotions, coupons, surveys, upgrades, updates, service and support related
assistance. Your consent to receive communications through one channel (such as email) also allows us to contact you through other electronic
channels (such as SMS or WhatsApp) for the same purposes and you willingly agree and acknowledge for the opt-in/subscribed models of such
email/WhatsApp etc.

---

3.5 Statistics and Research - We may use your information for conducting market research; or creating user group profiles or segment data or to
otherwise create anonymous, aggregated statistics about the use of our Products and/or Services; or aggregating and analysing customer
profiles and data to determine patterns and trends, understanding and analysing customer behaviour, location, preferences and demographics;
or purposes which are reasonably related to the aforesaid.

---

3.6 Product or Services Improvement - We may use your information to improve and enhance our existing products, services and Applications
and develop new offerings, recommendations, advertisements and other communications and learn more about customers' preferences in
general.

---

3.7 Publish your reviews, comments and content - Where you upload or otherwise make available publicly Your reviews, comments or content to
or about our Products or Services, then KaHa may link to, publish or publicize these materials elsewhere including in our own advertisements.

---

3.8 Furthermore, where permitted under applicable laws, KaHa may also collect, use and disclose your Personal Data for the following "Additional
Purposes": (a) taking or filming photographs and videos for corporate publicity or marketing purposes, and featuring your photographs and/or
testimonials in our articles and publicity materials; (b) organising roadshows, tours, campaigns and promotional or events and administering
contests and competitions; (c) matching Personal Data with other data collected for other purposes and from other sources (including third
parties) in connection with the provision or offering of Products or Services; (d) In relation to particular services or in your interactions with us,
we may also have specifically notified you of other purposes for which we collect, use or disclose your Personal Data. If so, we will collect, use
and disclose your Personal Data for these additional purposes as well, unless we have specifically notified you otherwise; (e) any other purposes
relating to any of the above.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

5. Use of Cookies Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies
5.1 When you visit or interact with our sites, Products or Services, we or our Associated Parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar
technologies for collecting and storing information to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer web experience.
5.2 The information collected by us or our Associated Parties may recognise a visitor as a unique user and may collect information such as how a
visitor arrives at our Products or Services, what kind of browser a visitor is on, what operating system a visitor is using, a visitor's IP address and
a visitor's click stream information and time stamp (for example, which pages they have viewed, the time the pages were accessed and the time
spent per web page).
5.3 The use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies by us on our Products or Services has different functions. They are either
necessary for the functioning of our services, help us improve our performance, or serve to provide you with extra functionalities. They may also
be used to deliver content that is more relevant to you and your interests, or to target advertising to you on or off our sites.
(a) Cookies - Small text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) placed in the memory of your browser or device when you visit a
website or view a message. Cookies allow a website to recognize a particular device or browser. There are several types of cookies:
• Session cookies expire at the end of your browser session and allow us to link your actions during that particular browser session.
• Persistent cookies are stored on your device in between browser sessions, allowing us to remember your preferences or actions across
multiple sites.
• First-party cookies are set by the site you are visiting
• Third-party cookies are set by a third party site separate from the site you are visiting.
Cookies can be disabled or removed by tools that are available in most commercial browsers. The preferences for each browser you use will
need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options.
(b) Web beacons - Small graphic images (also known as "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs") may be included on our sites and services. Web beacons
typically work in conjunction with cookies to profile each unique user and user behaviour.
(c) Similar technologies - Technologies that store information in your browser or device utilizing local shared objects or local storage, such as
flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies, and other web application software methods. These technologies can operate across all of your browsers.

---

7. Retention & Security of Data
KaHa retains Personal Data as may be required for business or legal purposes, and such purposes do vary according to the circumstances.
However, KaHa will securely dispose of or anonymise Personal Data which it can reasonably determine is no longer needed. Please note, KaHa
may need to retain some information for legal records and archival purposes.