2 What data we collect and how we use them
We set out below the types of data we collect and the purposes for which we use them.
| What we collect | How we use it |
|---|---|
| 1 Information provided during your account set-up process, which includes: • Your username • Your password • Your email address • IP address For FlashGet Business only: • Your full name • Your company name • Your company address and phone number | • Set up and register account for you and enable you to log in the account • Process your purchase order for our Services • Verify users' identity and prevent fraud and security risks • Know more how you use your account and personalize your experience |
| 2 When you access and use our Services, we will collect: • IP address • Your account settings • Your account preferences • Device information, such as your IMEI, IMSI, MAC, Android ID, operating system version, system language, CPU model, memory, hard disk and its usage, etc. | • Provision of Services • Identify issues with our Services • Improve our Services |
| 3 "Tap" behaviour information when you use and operate FlashGet (e.g. the behaviour of tapping "File Transferring" button, "Apps", "Backup" button, etc.) | • Develop new Services • Improve our Services • Statistical analysis |
| 4 Information that we collect through your use of our websites including: • Your account information if you register or log in your account on our websites • Date and time of requests • The requests you make • The pages you visit • IP address | • Provide our Services • Protect the security of your information • Identify issues with our websites • Monitor the way how our websites is used • Improve our websites |
| 5 Information on transaction, e.g. when you purchase our Services | • Complete the transaction • Store as transaction history for future reference |
| 6 Information when you communicate with us whether in person, through our websites, via email, through other feedback channels provided by us, including: • Your contact details (this may include your social media account if that is the way you communicate with us) • The details of your communications with us • Log files you submitted from within FlashGet for product support | • Answer any issues or concerns • Monitor customer communications for quality improvement and training purposes • Develop new services • Improve our Services • Personalise our Services • Troubleshoot |

---
We DO NOT collect special categories of personal data about you, such as health, disability, race,
ethnicity, criminal offences, political opinions, trade union membership, religion and biometrics.
--- [SECTION: 6 Where your personal data will be stored] ---
6 Where your personal data will be stored
Your personal data may be stored and processed in a country or jurisdiction outside of your country
of residence, and that country or jurisdiction may have data protection rules which are different from
those of your country of residence.
If we are to transfer your personal data out of your country of residence, we will endeavour to ensure
that a similar degree of protection is afforded by putting in place adequate technical, organisational
and legal measures.
We store your personal data on cloud servers located across the world. We will only transfer your
personal data to jurisdictions outside the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation
(the "GDPR") where the appropriate safeguards set out in the GDPR are in place.
--- [SECTION: 8 Cookies] ---
8 Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device and are widely used to make our websites
work and perform other functions. We use the following types of cookies:
•
•
•
Essential cookies are necessary to provide you with services and features available through
our websites. Without these cookies part or all of the functions of our websites cannot be
performed properly.
Analytics cookies are used to understand how users engage with our websites, for example,
to generate site usage statistics.
Advertising cookies are used to display more relevant advertisements and measure
advertising campaign performance.
For information on how we use these cookies and how you can manage your cookie preferences,
please contact help@flashget.com.