This Privacy Policy explains how Feedly receives and processes
personal information as defined by applicable law from its
business customers ("Customer Personal Information" or
"Customer PI”) and visitors (as prospective business customers)
to its website or "Site" ("Visitor Personal Information" or "Visitor
PI"). Customer Pl and Visitor Pl may be referred to herein as
Personal Information or "PI.” As used herein "Service Provider"
also means "Data Processor” as defined under applicable law.
---
What Information & Why: Feedly receives Customer Personal
Information for the business purposes of providing software as a
service (collectively referred to herein as "Services") to its
customers. Specifically, Feedly receives or collects the following
types of Customer PI: First Name and Last Name; Contact
information (E-mail address, physical business address) and
profile picture. Visitors to its Site may provide Visitor PI (including
name and business email address) so that Feedly can contact
them to provide information about their Services. Feedly
processes Pl for a variety of reasons, depending on how you
interact with our Services, including to send you marketing and
promotional communications. We may process the personal
information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in
accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of
our marketing emails at any time.
---
EU Users. EU users have several rights with respect to their
personal data including the following: (i) the right to be informed
(ii) the right of access; (iii) the right of rectification; (iv) the right of
erasure; (v) the right to restrict processing; (vi) the right of data
portability; (vii) the right to object to processing; and (viii) the
rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling. EU
users also have the right to lodge a complaint about the collection
or use of their personal information by notifying their EU
supervisory authority. Please feel free to contact us regarding this
or any other EU data subject right at privacy@feedly.com.
---
CA Users. Feedly collects only the personal information of its B2B
customers as defined by California's Consumer Protection Act
("CCPA"). Feedly does not sell its B2B customers' information as
defined under CCPA. Feedly upholds CA residents' rights of non-
discrimination as defined under CСРА.
---
Policy On Information Collected From Children
This Site and our Services are not directed at children under the
age of 13. Feedly does not knowingly collect personal information
from children under the age of 13. If you become aware that a
child has provided us with personal information, please contact us
at privacy@feedly.com.
---
Your notice of copyright infringement must include the following:
•
•
•
•
Your contact information (full name, mailing address, phone number and, if
available, an email address)
Identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed, or if multiple
works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list
of such works at that site
Identification of the material you claim is infringing, and information reasonably
sufficient to permit us to locate the material
These statements:
1. I have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
2. Under penalty of perjury, the information in this notification is accurate and
that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
•
Your electronic or physical signature