What information does the Application
obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including:
• The IP address of your device, your operating system, and the type of mobile
Internet browsers you use: this data is visible by our servers while processing a
request but it is not permanently stored or sent to third party servers.
• Precise Location of the device: the Application collects your device's precise
location to determine the city where you are located and to compute and
display an accurate sky map. The precise location data remains on-device and
is not sent to our servers or third party servers.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Country code, Language code, Time zone, Platform version, OS version,
Firebase Android App ID, Device ID, Ad ID, Package name of the app, Firebase
installation ID (FID). We have integrated Firebase Analytics and Firebase
Remote Config into our Application to collect data about how users interact
with the app. This includes monitoring events such as when users open a
dialog or use a feature. This data is sent and stored on the Google Firebase
servers and is used to enhance the app's functionality and overall user
experience. This data is anonymous and does not include your personal
information (it does not uniquely identify a user).
---
Other permissions
• The application might ask for bluetooth connection permissions when using
the telescope control feature in order to connect with external telescope
controllers.
• If you contact us by email (directly or from within the application), we may
collect your email and any information you sent us. This will be used to reply
to your query.
---
Do third parties see and/or have access to
information obtained by the Application?
---
In addition to our own usage, aggregated and anonymized data collected
through Firebase Analytics may be shared with other third parties for industry
analysis, demographic profiling, and other purposes. This data does not include
your personal information.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Your Opt-Out Rights
You can halt all collection of information by the Application easily by
uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as
may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application
marketplace or network.
---
Your Rights to Access Personal Data
Under data protection laws such as the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the Virginia Consumer Data
Protection Act (VCDPA) or the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), you have
the right to access personal information we hold about you. Here's how you can
exercise this right:
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• What to Include: Please provide sufficient information that allows us to verify
you are the person about whom we have collected personal data. This may
include your full name, email address, if applicable.
---
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your
Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for
a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information
for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you'd like us to
delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please
contact them at contact@stellarium-labs.com and we will respond in a
reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be
required in order for the Application to function properly.
---
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to
children under the age of 13.
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13
years of age. In the case the we discover that a child under 13 has provided
personal information, we will immediately delete this from their servers. If you
are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with
personal information, please contact us (contact@stellarium-labs.com) so that
they will be able to take the necessary actions.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect
information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this
information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that
information in order to operate, develop or improve their Application. Please be
aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information
we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security
breaches.
---
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are giving us your consent to processing of your
information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
"Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or
touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting,
storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.