Information we collect
When you install the Service on your device and register with Hiface, personally identifiable
information about you may be collected during the download process for the Service (as
requested during the download process) and when you register with us. For registration
through Hiface, you are required to provide your country location, gender, name, depending
on the device(s) you are using on the Service. You may also provide personally identifiable
information, but that is optional. When you log in using your mobile number, it is shared with
Firebase UI Auth for OTP purposes, to verify the owner of the mobile number that gets logged
in. When you log in using your Google account, we may collect personally identifiable
information from it.

---

Also, users' face photo and face shape are stored to improve face shape detection
algorithms and the user experience. These data are used to increase accuracy with machine
learning techniques. Face data is stored anonymously on Cloud servers and is not shared
with third parties. Face and image data cannot be disclosed and made available to third

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Additionally, we collect device name and model for identification. We will store them on our
servers and use them to help you use the Service, for example, by synchronizing your Hiface
account between different devices you may want to use with the Service. If you do not want
Hiface to store this information, you may opt-out through your account settings in the Hiface
application at any time. However, we may not be able to offer some of the features that
require this information.

---

Hiface may also collect and gather non-personally identifiable information, such as certain
profile information including country of residence and preferences. In addition, Hiface may
collect and store information about your and others' usage of and interaction with the
Service and our websites, including matches, numbers of matches made by members,
match durations, text messages, usage by geographies, device and connection information,
IP address, device capability, bandwidth, statistics on page views, network type and traffic to
and from our websites.

---

Hiface allows you to find your styles and in the Hiface application with other users, and if you
choose to do so, your gender, photos, screenshots, and other communications will be stored
on our servers. In addition, if you choose to share these items with other Hiface users, Hiface is
not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share. In addition, in case your
conversation partner reports your abusive behavior or language to us, then the conversation
information such as voices, screenshots, or contents of conversation which has been stored
only in your partner's device may be transferred to our servers. Such transferred information
will be processed by us to ascertain the genuineness of the report and determine your
penalty levels, if needed. The processed information will be removed after achieving the
purpose, and we do not use such information for any purpose other than specified in this
paragraph.

---

Hiface may also collect and gather user contents (e.g., photos, screenshots, comments, and
other materials) that you create on the Service. Your photo can be taken by other users on
Hiface, and if they use the capturing function provided by Hiface, those photos can be stored
and used for Hiface and third-party services (e.g., Facebook, etc.). You can change the
sharing option of third parties on the Hiface settings. If you do not agree with all the terms of
this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.

---

To complete a commerce transaction on the Hiface item shop, you will be requested to
provide your payment information, including your credit card number, card expiration date,
CVV code, and billing address. In that event, we will transmit your information securely and
directly to a third-party vendor or merchant who will collect such information in order to
process and fulfill your purchase. Hiface does not process or store your payment information.
However, we may store other information about your purchases made on the Service, which
may include the merchant's name, the date, time and amount of the transaction, and other
behavioral information.

---

We also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs up so that we can
investigate the error and improve the stability of the Service for future releases. In general,
these reports do not contain personally identifiable information, or only incidentally. As part of
these error reports, we receive information about the type and version of your device, the
device identifier, the time the error occurred, the feature being used, and the state of the
application when the error occurred. We do not use this information for any purpose other
than investigating and fixing the error.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
We request the following permissions:
• Camera: Video calling, taking, and saving profile pictures

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
How we use information we collect
We use or may disclose your personal information only as follows:
• To verify your identity;
• To connect you with others as enabled by the Service;
• To share your Profile with others on the Service;
• To allow your use of certain features of the Service that may be offered from time to time
(such as Premium Services (see our Terms of Use));
• To show you the names of persons you communicate with and to show your name to
persons you communicate with on the Service;
• To deliver to you any administrative notices, alerts, and communications relevant to your
use of the Service;
• To provide you with relevant content that you requested, using information that you allow us
to collect from you or that you provide to a social media provider with which your Hiface
account is connected, such as information regarding your and your Hiface contacts'
respective locations;
• To contact you via email, SMS, or otherwise for the purpose of informing you about new
products, services, or promotions offered by Hiface — contact us by
http://hifaceapp.com/contact;
• For internal operations, including troubleshooting problems, data analysis, testing, research,
improvements to the Service, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other illegal
activity;
• When we have a good faith belief that the law, any legal process, law enforcement, national
security, or issue of public importance requires disclosure;
• To protect and defend our rights or property (including to enforce our Terms of Use and
other agreements); or
• In connection with a corporate transaction involving AppFlows Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi
(e.g., the purchase or sale of a business unit, an acquisition, merger, sale of assets, or other
similar event).

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Your User Profile
The information you enter into your user profile (your “Profile”) may be shared with your Hiface
contacts. You control your Profile, and you can access and modify your Profile from the Hiface
application at any time. In addition, if you register with Hiface using your Facebook account
(e.g., Facebook Connect), we may store your Facebook ID and corresponding token on our
servers and, if you give us your express consent, we will have access to and may collect
certain information that you make available on Facebook (for example, your first and last
names, email address, profile picture, your friend lists, and birthdays). Your Profile is available
to other users of the Service who are connected to you on Hiface.

---

Outbound Links
If you accessed a website, product, or service provided by a third party, including through the
Service or the Hiface website, such third party may also collect information about you. Please
see the privacy policies of each such third party for more information about how they use the
information they collect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any exchange of information
between you and any third party.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Age
The Service is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of
the Service. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable
information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Service, we will delete such
information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior,
verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from
children under the age of thirteen as part of the Service.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Any personally identifiable information provided in connection with inquiries related to this
Privacy Policy will be used solely for the purpose of responding to the inquiry and consistent
with this Privacy Policy.