2.
Location of Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information you provide to us when
you use the Services. For an explanation of our privacy practices, please visit our
Privacy Policy located at https://pov.camera/pov-privacy. In furtherance of our policy
of not collecting personal information from persons under the age of 13, Users are not
allowed to give the Company the personal information of any persons under the age of
13 for any reason.

---
3.
User Accounts
To use certain of the Services, you need to create an account or link another account,
such as your Apple, Facebook or Google account (“Account”). You agree to provide us
with accurate, complete and updated information for your Account. You are solely
responsible for any activity on your Account and for maintaining the confidentiality
and security of your password. We are not liable for any acts or omissions by you in
connection with your Account. You must immediately notify us at help@pov.camera if
you know or have any reason to suspect that your Account or password have been stolen,
misappropriated or otherwise compromised, or in case of any actual or suspected
unauthorized use of your Account.

---
4.2
General. When you purchase Offerings (including through execution of an order
form or other ordering document (each, and “Order Form”), you (a) agree to pay the
price for such Offerings as set forth in the Order Form or, in the absence of an Order
Form, the applicable portion of the Services, and all applicable taxes in connection
with your purchase (the "Full Purchase Amount"), and (b) authorize us to charge your
credit card or other payment method for the Full Purchase Àmount. You acknowledge and
agree that all information you provide with regards to a purchase of Offerings, including,
without limitation, credit card, PayPal, or other payment information, is accurate, current
and complete. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use the payment
method you provide to us or our payment processor, including, without limitation, any
credit card you provide when completing a transaction. Unless otherwise noted, all
currency references are in U.S. Dollars. All fees and charges are payable in accordance with
payment terms in effect at the time the fee or the charge becomes payable and, except as
expressly set forth herein, are non-refundable.

---
6.2
User Content License Grant. In connection with your use of the Services, you may be
able to post, upload, or submit content to be made available through the Services
("User Content"). By using the Service and uploading User Content, you grant us a
license to access, use, host, cache, store, reproduce, transmit, display, publish, distribute,
and modify User Content and any associated names, images, voices, personas and
likenesses, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised throughout the world as
reasonably necessary for operation of our Services; provided, however that we will not
display your User Content outside of the Services without your consent. You agree that
these rights and licenses are royalty free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide and
irrevocable, and include a right for us to permit access to or disclose User Content to third
parties if we determine such access is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Additionally, you grant each applicable Event Host a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-
free, fully sub-licensable sub-license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
create derivative works from, distribute, and display associated Event Content, in any and
all media now known or hereafter devised throughout the world. As part of the foregoing
license grants, you agree that the other users of the Services shall have the right to comment
on and/or tag User Content and/or to use, publish, display, modify or include a copy of User
Content as part of their own use of the Services. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, the Company reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove,
screen, edit, or delete any of User Content at any time, for any reason, and without notice.
By posting or submitting User Content through the Services, you represent and warrant that
you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or
authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for User Content. You agree that User
Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you
have the necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to
grant us the license described above.

---
6.3
Ownership of Feedback. We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for
improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You acknowledge and expressly agree that
any contribution of Feedback does not and will not give or grant you any right, title or
interest in the Services or in any such Feedback. All Feedback becomes the sole and
exclusive property of the Company, and the Company may use and disclose Feedback in
any manner and for any purpose whatsoever without further notice or compensation to you
and without retention by you of any proprietary or other right or claim. You hereby assign
to the Company any and all right, title and interest (including, but not limited to, any patent,
copyright, trade secret, trademark, show-how, know-how, moral rights and any and all other
intellectual property right) that you may have in and to any and all Feedback.