We outline in this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy") how personal data are collected and processed
at UEFA and UEFA's affiliates (“UEFA", "we" or "our"). UEFA is a data controller and takes your privacy
seriously and understands the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of your personal data
and other information stored about you.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

This Privacy Policy also covers UEFA's collecting and processing of any personal data that UEFA's
business partners share with UEFA.

---

2 THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU

UEFA collects and processes personal data in respect of your use of and interactions with the UEFA
Platforms in order to provide you with a service, to respond to you and to publish and share
information plus documents related to football. “Personal data” means any information that may be
linked directly or indirectly to you as an individual. The types of personal data we may collect and
process vary from UEFA Platform to UEFA Platform but can be summarised as follows:

---

Personal data we collect:

(i) Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital
status, title, date of birth, gender and ID number.

(ii) Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.

(iii) Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.

(iv) Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products
and services you have purchased from us.

(v) Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version,
time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform,
and other technology on the devices you use to access UEFA Platforms.

(vi) Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your
interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.

(vii) Usage Data includes information about how you use UEFA Platforms.

(viii) Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us
and our third parties and your communication preferences.

(ix) Cookie and Device Data.

(x) Other. Other information you may provide to us, for example competition entries, photographs we
take or video/audio recordings we make.

---

3 HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We collect your personal data in a number of ways as described below.

---

Information you give to us directly:

We collect information on you where you:

(i) register an account with us (including via social media profiles such as Facebook and Google+) or
log in and make changes to your online account;

(ii) register to receive marketing communications from us;

(iii) purchase products or service or tickets from us;

(iv) attend UEFA events as a spectator, guest, volunteer, accredited person, etc.

(v) enter into a competition on UEFA Platforms;

(vi) interact with our social media profiles; and

(vii) contact us (including over the phone, or via email, post, live chat or social media messaging).

---

Personal data we collect from third parties:

We collect information on you from third parties, such as national football associations, clubs, UEFA's
commercial and media partners and UEFA suppliers, where you:

(i) have a contract in place with such third parties which requires the transfer of your personal data to
us; and/or

(ii) register through such third parties to receive marketing communications from us.

In such case, we ensure and check that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise
legally permitted or required to disclose your personal data to us.

---

Personal data we collect automatically:

UEFA also automatically receives and records non-sensitive information on its technical infrastructure
logs about your computer when you visit UEFA Platforms, regardless of whether you have registered
for an account or not by just browsing our servers.

UEFA also collects, including but not limited to, your Web browser software, your internet protocol (IP)
address which identifies your computer, UEFA's cookies, the referring website, the page you
requested, your location, and your online activity on UEFA Platforms.

---

Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors of UEFA Platforms, where they
come from, and what content is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of UEFA Platforms to our visitors.

Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained
further in our Cookie Policy which is available here.

---

Other purposes

We will use the personal data we collect from you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy
or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your personal data. However, we also use
your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed
to you (such as archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or
statistical purposes) if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.

---

To fulfil contracts

If you enter into a contract with us (for example to purchase a ticket, open an account, purchase a
product or to enter into a competition) we need to process personal data in order to fulfil the contract
by providing the services, processing payments and corresponding in relation to the same. If you do
not provide the information to us, we may not be able fulfil the contract and provide the products or
services to you.

---

Where we have your consent

We ask for your consent to send you direct marketing communications relating to ticketing sales
periods, events, tournament information and other UEFA activities we run. You can choose to
unsubscribe at any time as explained in 'your rights' below. In some limited circumstances, we do not
need to obtain your consent for marketing as explained in the legitimate interest section below.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Where we have a legitimate interest

We may process your personal data where it is necessary for our legitimate interests as a business in
the following situations:

• Recording at UEFA events (final tournaments, club finals, draws, congresses, conferences, etc.) at
which you are part of a group or a larger number of people.

• Account management and record keeping and correspondence in relation to products and services
you receive from us.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• With external third-party data services; who help up to segment and understand our audience by
providing additional information.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

10 PROFILING

We may use the personal data you provide to us via UEFA Platforms, alone or in combination with
personal data you have provided to our advertising partners to better understand your interests so we
can try to predict what other products, services and information you might be most interested in. We
call this profiling. Profiling enables us to tailor our communications (both directly from us and via our
advertisers) and those of our third parties to make them more relevant and interesting for you.

---

UEFA will not knowingly collect personal data from or about children under thirteen (13) or knowingly
allow minors between thirteen (13) and sixteen (16) to register as users without parental permission. If

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that his or her child under sixteen (16) has registered as a
user without their consent, he or she should delete the relevant account or if this is not possible,
inform UEFA immediately. If UEFA becomes aware that a child under thirteen (13) or between thirteen
(13) and sixteen (16) but without parental permission has registered as a UEFA user, their access as a
user will immediately be denied and their account deleted as quickly as possible (including all
personal data associated with that account).

If you believe that UEFA might have any personal data from or about a child under thirteen (13), please
notify UEFA in writing by email or mail to Union des Associations Européennes de Football – Corporate
Legal Services - Data Protection, Route de Genève 46, Case postale, CH-1260 Nyon 2, Switzerland.