This document (“Privacy Policy”) explains the privacy rules
applicable to personal data and other information collected or
submitted when you access, install, or use Nord Services and
Websites regardless of the device (computer, mobile phone,
tablet, etc.) you use.

---

By visiting our Websites, by submitting your personal data to
us, and by accessing, installing and/or using our Services,
you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree
to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with
this Privacy Policy or any provisions hereof, please do not use
our Services and Websites.

---

1. PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

SUMMARY: As per our no-logs policy, we don't track your
online activity — but we do need some of your personal data
(such as your email address and payment details) to provide
our services. You may also voluntarily give us your data in
situations that don't involve using our products, such as when
you agree to accept cookies on our website or participate in
a giveaway. In all cases, we only store the bare minimum of
information needed to work with you.

---

Nord processes personal data to a limited scope to provide
Services, process payments for the Services, and enable the
functioning of our Websites and mobile applications. We may
process the following categories of personal data:

Information for creating your Account

• Email address. We ask for your email address as part of
your registration. It is necessary for the creation of your
Nord Account, retrieving a lost password, and using the
Services.

---

Subscription information

---

• Subscription data. When you subscribe to our Services
we process certain subscription information (e.g., your
email address, the subscription plan you have chosen,
subscription term, subscription ID, subscription frequency,
amount, currency, status, auto-renewal status, information
about enabled/disabled features such as multi-factor
authentication (MFA), etc.).

---

Payment related information (if using paid Services)

• Payment data. This information is necessary to collect
payments for the Services. Our payment processing
partners process basic billing information for payment
processing and refund requests (e.g., date of purchase,
payer's IP address, postal (ZIP) code, credit card owner's
full name and credit card information). We also process
some of such billing information ourselves (e. g., date of
purchase, credit card owner's full name, part of your credit
card number, its expiration date) in cases of recurring
payments or when you provide your payment details
directly to us. In some cases, information about your two
previous transactions, along with your IP address, may
also be used to resolve transaction disputes. This data
helps verify the legitimacy of disputed transactions.

---

• Country details. When making a purchase we process
information on the user's country the purchase takes
place from. This information is necessary for VAT
calculation purposes.

---

• Information for payment fraud prevention. To prevent
fraudulent payments for the Services, your personal data
(such as payer's email address and device information)
can be verified by our and/or our payment processing
partners fraud management tools. A payment transaction
that is considered high risk may be rejected by us.

---

• Information concerning zero authorization for billing. The
purpose of the zero authorization is to confirm that your
payment method is still valid, which, respectively, leads to
a seamless continuation of your Subscription. No
personally identifiable information is collected in this case,
apart from the fact that your provided payment method is
still valid (or not) and the date of such authorization.

---

• Information related to A/B price testing. The results
and/or insights obtained from A/B price testing may be
used by Nord to optimize its pricing strategies, improve
Service offerings, and/or enhance your experience. This
may include the collection of data related to your
behavior, preferences, or responses to pricing strategies.

---

Communication data

• Customer support inquiries. We keep the information that
you provide to our customer support team that was
necessary to resolve the query. Depending on what
information is necessary, it can consist of, but not limited
to: payment information for customer verification
processes, your country name, information of your OS,
local application logs, etc.

---

• Communication optimization data. We use various tools to
help us optimize our emailing campaigns. These tools may
track actions you perform with an email, such as open it or
unsubscribe from further communication. We may also be
able to see the user device's operating system (e.g.,
Windows, Mac, iOS, Android) and country in order to
optimize push and email notifications and automatically
set the language.

---

• Chatbot. If you contact us via our chatbot on our
Websites, in addition to processing your contact
information, we will be able to collect your device
information and IP address.

---

• Live chat widget. If you contact us via live chat widget, in
addition to processing your contact information, we will
also process your device information (such as type of the
operating system and browser) and IP address. This
information is necessary for our support to determine the
user's country, prevent abuse, see if the user is connected
to our servers, and help our support to process queries
faster.

---

• Phone calls. If phone contact is available in your country
and you reach out to us in response to one of our TV
advertisements, we will record the call for quality
assurance and to respond to your queries (including
complaints) about our Services you are interested in, but
only with your prior consent. In this case, we will process
call metadata (such as your phone number, call time, and
duration) along with the content of the call (including your
voice, email address, details about our Services you are
interested in, and any other information exchanged).
Additionally, if your call is dropped while we are locating
an available consultant or during your conversation, or if
you call when the phone line is closed, we will record your
phone number and may call you back. If you prefer not to
have your call recorded, we encourage you to contact us
via email at support@nordaccount.com instead of
reaching out by phone.

---

Information collected on our applications and Websites

• Service usage. We collect information about specific Nord
Services (NordVPN, NordPass, NordLocker, etc.) and
features you use.

---

• Access logs. As most websites on the internet, our
Websites collect access logs (such as IP address, browser
type, operating system) to operate our Services and
ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. This
information is also essential for fighting against DDoS
attacks, scanning, and similar hacking attempts.

---

• Cookies. Cookies, pixels, and other similar technologies
are usually small text or image files that are placed on
your device when you visit our Websites. Some cookies
are essential for our Websites to operate smoothly; others
are used to improve Websites' functionality, analyze
aggregated usage statistics to improve Websites'
performance, and for advertising. We also use affiliate
cookies to identify the customers referred to our Websites
by our partners so that we can grant the referrers their
commission. You can check what cookies we use at our
Cookie policy.

---

Referrals data

---

• Information for participating in referral programs.
Participation in referral programs maintained by Nord
requires referrers to submit personal data (e.g., full name,
e-mail address, phone number, relationship with the
referred party) about themselves and a referred party so
that Nord could i) reach out to the referred party; ii)
contact referrers with regards to their participation in
referral programs and/or provision of rewards. It is the
referrer's responsibility to abide by applicable privacy laws
when disclosing third parties' personal data to Nord,
including informing third parties that they are providing
referred parties' personal data to Nord and how it will be
used and processed. Referred parties may unsubscribe
from any future communication at any time. If you believe
that one of your contacts has provided us with your
personal data and you would like it to be removed from
our database, please contact us.

---

Promotional games data

• Information for participating in our promotional games
(e.g., sweepstakes, giveaways, contests). When you
decide to participate in any promotional game that
requires additional personal information, you will be
explicitly requested to provide it. The personal data we
ask you to provide typically includes your full name, e-mail
address, phone number, information about the purchased
subscription plan. However, you have the right to refuse to
provide such information and cease your participation in
the promotional game at any time. In certain cases we
also may share the mentioned data with third parties that
help us to organize/coordinate such promotional games.
Please carefully review the terms and conditions of each
promotional game in which you participate as they may
contain specific additional information about the
processing of your personal data. If the terms and
conditions of such promotional games concerning the
treatment of your personal data conflict with this Privacy
Policy, the terms and conditions of such promotional
games shall prevail.

---

Social networks data

• Account data. For the purpose of managing and
administering our profiles on social networks (e.g.,
“Facebook”, “Instagram”, “Twitter”, “LinkedIn”, “YouTube”
accounts), we may collect and process your personal data
(e.g., full name, social network profile name, pictures,
and/or public comments) you provided voluntarily.

---

• When we have a legal obligation to process certain
personal data collected from you (e.g., to keep and
process records for tax purposes and accounting).

---

• Where you have provided your consent to us. Such cases
may include: i) to send marketing communication (unless
applicable law permits us to contact you without your
prior consent); ii) to communicate with you and manage
your participation in Nord's contests, offers, referrals, or
promotions; iii) to record your call. Please note that
although Nord may also process your personal data for
marketing purposes when applicable law permits us to
contact you without your separate consent, if you choose
not to receive marketing communication from us (i.e., if
you opt-out), we will honor your request.

---

• We sometimes may process your personal data under the
legal basis of our or third parties' legitimate interest. Such
cases include: i) to properly administer business
communication with you; ii) to detect, prevent, or
otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical
issues with our Services and Websites; iii) to protect
against harm to the rights, property, and safety of Nord,
our users, or third parties; iv) to improve or maintain our
Services and provide new products and features; v) to
receive knowledge of how our Websites and applications
are being used (crash reports, app store reviews,
information about the channel from which our app was
downloaded, etc.).

---

We also partner with third parties to display advertising on
our Websites or to manage our advertising on other sites.
These partners help us deliver more relevant ads and
promotional messages to you, which may include behavioral,
contextual, and generic advertising. We and our advertising
partners may process certain personal data to help us
understand your preferences so that we can deliver
advertisements that are more relevant to you.

---

Please note that there are various data protection laws
across different jurisdictions that provide privacy rights to
you as a data subject. Subject to those applicable data
protection laws, among others, you may have the following
rights:

• Delete: request us to erase your personal data;

• Access: know and access personal data Nord has
collected about you;

• Rectify: rectify, correct, update, or complement
inaccurate/incomplete personal data Nord has about you;

• Object: object to the processing of your personal data
which is done on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g.,
for marketing purposes);

• Portability: request us to provide you with a copy of your
personal data in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format or to transmit (if technically
feasible) your personal data to another controller (only
where our processing is based on your consent and
carried out by automated means);

---

If we detect something suspicious, we will notify you
immediately and guide you through steps to stay better
protected. However, no company can guarantee the absolute
security of internet communications as no technology is
completely bulletproof. By using the Services and Websites,
you expressly acknowledge that we cannot guarantee the
100% security of personal data provided to or received by us
through the Services and that any information received from
you through Websites or our Services is provided at your own
responsibility. If you have any reason to believe that your
interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us at
privacy@nordaccount.com.

---

9. CHILDREN'S DATA

Nord does not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from
anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do
not attempt to send any personal data about yourself to
Nord. If we acknowledge that we have collected and
processed personal data from a child under the age of 18, we
will delete that data as quickly as possible.