1. Introduction
This privacy policy describes the personal data that Shopify processes
(which may include collecting, organizing, structuring, storing, using, or
disclosing) when you use or access Shopify Consumer Services, or when
you interact with a merchant that is powered by Shopify's platform
("Shopify Merchants" or "Merchants"). If any provisions in this policy
conflict with provisions of any other Shopify privacy policy, the provisions
in this policy will apply.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

2. What Personal Data We Receive
Personal Data is any information from or about an identified or identifiable
person, but does not include aggregated or anonymized information. We
receive the following types of Personal Data when you interact with
Shopify, Shopify Merchants, and/or use the Shopify Consumer Services:
1. Profile and Contact Information: We receive contact or other account
profile information when you sign up for or interact with Shopify
Consumer Services, which may include name, shipping address,
email address, profile picture, or other information you choose to
provide us. We may link this information to the different devices or
accounts you use when you interact with Shopify, Shopify Merchants,
and/or use the Shopify Consumer Services.
2. Device Information: We receive information about the computers,
phones, and other devices you use to interact with Shopify, Shopify
Merchants, and/or the Shopify Consumer Services, including IP
address (which may be used to determine general location), device
identifiers, cookie IDs, the browser you use, your network connection,
or other unique identifiers or device information.
3. Payment Information: We may receive payment information when you
use Shop Pay or make a purchase through Shopify or Shopify
Merchants, such as your payment card number and expiration date.
4. Use of Shopify apps and services: We receive information regarding
your use of or interactions with our apps and services, whether or not
you are logged in to Shopify, such as your interactions with Shopify
Merchants in the Shop app, the shop(s) you visit and purchase from,
the products you view and purchase, the product reviews and ratings
you post and share, your order history, the purchases where you use
Shop Pay, your search queries, favorited shops and other activities
related to the Shopify Consumer Services.
5. Activity with Shopify Merchants: When you browse or shop with
Shopify Merchants, we receive information about your activity on the
Shopify Merchant site, including information about your browsing and
search activity, the products and services you place in your cart
and/or purchase, your billing and shipping information, transaction
details and your payment information.
6. Settings and Privacy Preferences: We receive information about your
settings and preferences on Shopify and our Merchants, as well as
information about your browser and device privacy settings.
7. Communications with Shopify: We receive information, including
message and email content, when you communicate with Shopify

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

(such as for customer support inquiries, taking surveys, participating
in promotions or research).
8. Social Network Accounts: If you choose to link, connect, or login to
Shopify Consumer Services through a third party online service, you
direct the service to send us certain information about you controlled
by that service, such as profile information. This sharing is subject to
the applicable privacy notices and your privacy settings of that
service.
9. Email and Shopping Service Integrations: We receive information
from email messages in the inboxes that you connect to your Shop
account, and information from email messages you transfer to the
Shop app to be included in your order history. We do not use this
information for advertising or marketing purposes.

---

2. Track and Implement Your Settings and Privacy Preferences: To
track and implement your settings and privacy preferences with
Shopify and our Merchants.

---

5. Communicate with You: To communicate with you about Shopify
services and your transactions, including about product updates, your
account, and changes to our policies and terms. We also use your
information to respond to you when you contact us.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

6. Authentication, Integrity, Security, and Safety: To authenticate your
account, provide a secure payment and shopping experience, and to
detect, investigate, and prevent malicious conduct, fraudulent activity
or unsafe experiences, address security threats, protect public safety,
and secure Shopify Services for you and our Merchants.

---

When Shopify processes your Personal Data from Merchants you interact
or shop with in order to help Merchants run their Stores and to provide
business services to our Merchants, we are acting at the direction of the
Merchant, and the Merchants' terms of service and privacy policy apply
-not Shopify's. For more information about how Merchants collect and
use Personal Data when you visit and make purchases in their Stores,
review the Merchant's terms and privacy policy.

---

2. Marketing, Advertising, and Analytics Partners: We may use third-
party marketing, advertising, and analytics partners to deliver
personalized advertising and to help us understand how people use
or interact with Shopify services and our Merchants. These partners
may receive information about your use of, or interactions with,
Shopify services and our Merchants, including through third-party
cookies or other technologies. For example, we may make information
available to third-party advertising companies to serve you with
relevant ads or content and to manage, improve and measure our
advertising campaigns. Providing information to certain third parties
for advertising services may be considered "sharing" or "targeted
advertising," as defined by certain privacy laws that may apply in your
jurisdiction. You can opt-out of our sharing of your Personal Data for
targeted advertising here.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

If you are a Shop app user, you can also update your account information
or request to delete your account directly through your in-app settings.