• Applicable Data Protection Law: all laws, regulations, and other legal requirements relating to (i) privacy, data
security, consumer protection, marketing, promotion, and text messaging, email, and other communications; (ii)
the use, collection, retention, storage, security, disclosure, transfer, disposal, and other processing of Personal
Data under the Terms.

---
• Indeed Apply: Any profile, resume or application information that you submit through the Site to an Employer,
including Personal Data included in a resume, application or responses to screener or other questions. This
includes all references on the Site to "Apply Now", "Easily Apply", "Simple Apply", "Apply from your phone", "Apply
with Indeed", "RSVP to hiring event" or any similar references.

---
• Personal Data: Any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural
person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a
name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the
physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. This definition
shall adjust as necessary to include data defined as "Personal Information", "Personally Identifiable Information",
and similar terms under Applicable Data Protection Law.

---
• User Content: Any data, text, images, reviews, audio, video, or other materials that a User submits, posts,
displays, or otherwise makes available or provides to Indeed on or through the Site, including via an API. Job Ads,
Resumes, reviews, ratings, and messages are all forms of User Content. User Content includes Al-Generated
Content that is generated in response to User Content.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
h. Matches: Job matches are recommendations which may be presented to both you as a Job Seeker and to
Employers in various formats on the Site. The purpose of presenting matches is to allow Users to make their own
decisions regarding employment opportunities. For example, Indeed may recommend Job Ads which are similar
to jobs to which you recently applied, highlight certain aspects of Job Ads to you, or recommend Indeed Profiles
to Employers which match Job Ads they post. To generate matches, Indeed uses data collected through our Site
from both Employers and Job Seekers. This includes Job Ads, Your Profile information, information from your
resume(s), your application materials (including responses to screener questions), and your activity on the Site
(such as searches you run and Job Ads you click on and apply to).

---
2. Your Profile and Resume
a. General: By creating or adding information to a profile through the Site, creating an Indeed Resume, using a
resume builder feature on your profile, or uploading a file resume on the Site (collectively, "Profile," "Your Profile"
or "Job Seeker Profile" or "Indeed Profile"), you authorize Indeed to make it available to potential Employers and
users of Indeed's Smart Sourcing or other Resume Search program. Your Profile includes any information you
provide on the Site in the "Profile" section of your account, including Profile, your Indeed Resume, any uploaded
file resume(s), and any other information that you choose to provide on the Site, including job preferences,
desired job title, work schedule, qualifications, etc. You are responsible for keeping Your Profile accurate and up-
to-date.

---
c. Contact Info: By providing your phone number in your Profile and setting it to "Searchable" or by including it in
materials sent to employers, you agree that this phone number may be shared with employers or employers may
be provided the ability to contact you through the Site. Indeed may mask your contact information (name, email,
phone) on your profile, resume, or application with an alias (like your job title) to mitigate fraud. This decision is at
Indeed's sole discretion. Indeed may also mask Employer contact information, or Employers may choose to do so.
You agree to be contacted by masked numbers/emails and may not be able to return calls without the real
number.

---
e. Feedback: We may provide feedback on your resume or profile, including suggestions for improvement. By
creating or adding information or a resume to Your Profile, you are requesting and authorizing Indeed, or an
Indeed vendor, to review or scan Your Profile and resume(s) and provide you feedback (at Indeed's discretion).
This is for informational purposes only and does not guarantee results. You are solely responsible for deciding

---
[PAGE BREAK]
a. Review Your Application: When you apply to a Job Ad through the Site, you authorize Indeed to transmit your
application and any related information to the relevant Employer via automated processing. Before submitting
your Indeed Apply application, you can and should review all information, including attached files, to ensure
accuracy and completeness for your desired job application. You are solely responsible for your application's
content. Indeed may reformat applications or messages. Employers may request Indeed assemble applicant
materials (applications, resumes, screener answers, and other provided information) into a single document;
Indeed performs this assembly on your behalf. You acknowledge that Employers may also use tools, including
artificial intelligence and machine learning models, to process, sort, and analyze applicant materials. The function
of these tools may include generating summaries, translations, and other information, which Employers can use
or discard as part of their decision-making process.

---
e. Limits: To maintain the quality of the Site, Indeed in its sole discretion may impose limits on your use of the Site.
Use of any automation, scripting, or bots to automate the Indeed Apply process outside of Indeed's official
vendors and tooling is prohibited. You acknowledge that as part of its efforts to combat fraud and spam, Indeed
may require that users verify their email address or phone number. When you apply to a job through the Site, you
agree that you may be required to verify your email address or phone number.

---
g. Automations: By using Indeed Apply and answering screener questions, you acknowledge that Employers may
have instructed Indeed to send out rejection notices if your answers do not match the answers sought by the
Employer, and you acknowledge that Indeed has no discretion in the transmission of these rejections. You also
acknowledge that Employers may instruct Indeed to schedule interviews with Job Seekers who meet criteria
(based on information the Job Seeker has provided to Indeed) that the Employers have selected. You agree that
transmission or storage of these messages is not guaranteed, and that the availability or criteria the Employer
provided to Indeed may not be accurate. It is ultimately your and the Employer's responsibility to confirm
whether any interviews were scheduled, or to reschedule or cancel interviews if necessary.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
4. Demographic Data
a. Indeed's Voluntary Demographic Data Survey: You may have the opportunity to provide Indeed with certain
demographic information about yourself, such as your race and ethnicity, gender, age, LGBTQ+ community
membership, and disability status, as well as whether you have an arrest or conviction record ("demographic
data"). By choosing to provide your demographic data you agree that Indeed may use it to evaluate and improve
our services, and share aggregate summaries of job seeker information with employers. If you do not want your
demographic data to be used in this way, do not provide it to Indeed (or, if you have already provided your
demographic data to Indeed, you can remove it). You further acknowledge and agree that another Job Seeker's
demographic data is personal information, and to the extent permitted by law you waive any right to request or
view demographic data pertaining to any other Job Seeker.

---
b. Legal Obligations: Indeed may be required to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests or to
establish or exercise its legal rights or defend against legal claims. This means, for example, that Indeed may
receive legal process from courts or law enforcement to reveal user data, including demographic data, and that
Indeed may comply with such requests.

---
c. Employers' Voluntary Self-Identification Questions: Employers may ask applicants to voluntarily self-identify
certain demographic information such as race, ethnicity, sex, disability or veteran status along with their job
applications. Some Employers are required by law to ask these questions and you may see these questions when
applying to jobs on the Site. That is a separate process from Indeed's voluntary collection of demographic data
and Indeed is not responsible for these questions. If you have questions or concerns about an Employer's
application materials, please contact the Employer directly or refer to their privacy policy.

---
5. Indeed Recruiting Services
a. General: Indeed Recruiting Services provides recruitment services to its clients. When you apply to a job
supported by Indeed Recruiting Services, or otherwise engage with Indeed Recruiting Services, you agree that
Indeed Recruiting Services may use information you provide to Indeed Recruiting Services and data collected
through the Site to present potential job matches to you and to potential Employers.

---
6. Your Job Seeker Data
a. Data Shared With Employers (Labels, Badges): You agree that in addition to making your profile available to
Employers as described above, Indeed may inform Employers about activities you take on the Site, including
through labels, badges, or other means. We may let them know your status (like if you're online or recently
active), or if you are responding to their messages or are responsive to messages generally. If you set your Profile
to Searchable, Indeed may inform Employers that you have viewed, clicked, saved, liked, or started to apply for
their job to indicate your potential interest. Indeed solely determines how such labels or badges are added and
which Job Seekers qualify based on Job Seeker activity on Indeed. The lack of a label or badge may indicate
insufficient data. Indeed does not guarantee the accuracy of any such label or badge, and reserves the right to
change or remove such label or badge features at any time and in Indeed's sole discretion.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
b. Indeed's and Employers' Collection of Information: Indeed may collect certain information about you and any
actions taken by you on the Site, an Employer's site or ATS (e.g., Job Ads viewed, applications started/completed)
using automated means, such as via API, cookies, pixels and web beacons. Under the Terms, any Employers using
tracker functionality on the Site must provide notice and obtain consent as required by applicable law. However,
you acknowledge and agree that Indeed has no control over such an Employer, its website, or ATS. You agree to
Indeed's use of, and receipt of information from, any such tracker functionality. Indeed's use and receipt of
information from such trackers will comply with the Terms and Indeed's Privacy Policy.

---
c. Use of Profile Data for Matching: You agree that any data contained in or associated with Your Profile may be
used to suggest jobs to you and, if your Profile is Searchable, to suggest your Profile to Employers that might be
interested in a person who matches your qualifications and preferences on the Site. You also agree that Indeed
may contact you based on this observed behavior or provided info on behalf of Employers or Indeed itself. When
you make changes to your Indeed Profile, including updating, deleting, or changing settings, it may take a few
days for the changes to be reflected.

---
d. Prior Job Applications: Employers that provide information about their job applicants/candidates from their ATS
to Indeed through our Candidate Import service may also see information about your prior job applications
submitted through the Employer's ATS. Indeed does not guarantee the accuracy of such information.

---
a. Virtual Interviews: Employers may offer you virtual remote communications via Indeed services like Indeed
Interview and Interview On Demand. Indeed is not a telecommunications provider but facilitates communication
through third-party services, which may experience technical delays or malfunctions. Indeed doesn't guarantee
the Virtual Interview experience, including transmission, audio/visual quality, data security, usage, or restrictions,
and is not liable for claims arising from their use. Indeed doesn't guarantee Employer schedules or availability for
Virtual Interviews, nor the validity of provided contact information. Employers are responsible for all questions,
comments, hiring decisions, and accommodations during Virtual Interviews. An "online" indication in a Job Ad
doesn't guarantee a live Virtual Interview selection, as employer availability is discretionary and subject to
change. Virtual Interviews may be recorded by Employers or pre-recorded by you. You agree to respect
recording notifications. If you don't consent to recording, you must exit. By using Virtual Interviews, you agree to
recording, and that Indeed and third parties can store, access, and analyze recordings. Employers can also access,
store, use, analyze, and share recordings, which is outside Indeed's control. Indeed is not liable for claims arising
from Virtual Interview recordings. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU UNDERSTAND AND
AGREE THAT INDEED OFFERS NO PROTECTION, AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SECURING OR PROTECTING,
ANY INFORMATION OR DATA YOU SHARE OR TRANSMIT DURING VIRTUAL INTERVIEWS (INCLUDING
AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT, INTERVIEW QUESTIONS/ANSWERS, OR YOUR IMAGE/LIKENESS). INDEED ASSUMES
NO LIABILITY FOR THE MISUSE OF SUCH DATA, NOR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AVAILABILITY OR RETENTION OF
ANY INTERVIEW RECORDINGS. YOU ACCESS AND USE VIRTUAL INTERVIEWS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

---
c. Emails: Indeed may use an alias for your email. Once an Employer has your contact info, Indeed is not responsible
for its use. Messages sent to an Indeed alias are processed by Indeed and its vendors for service, display, and
other purposes as per the Terms. Indeed decides how to extract and display messages on Indeed Messaging,
though grouping of related messages is not guaranteed. Information provided about a message sender and
other conversation participants, like display name, may vary.

---
d. My Jobs: Indeed may offer you the opportunity to link a third-party email client to the Site for Indeed to scan
your emails in your third-party email account and add job application updates to the "My jobs" page within your
Indeed account. If you choose to use this feature, Indeed will automatically scan your emails and extract data that
it identifies as being relevant to application statuses. The updates will not be limited to applications submitted on
or through the Site, and will include applications submitted outside the Site as well. You agree to your extracted
data being processed, analyzed, reviewed, and stored, including via automated means, for data analysis, quality
control, enforcement of the Site's rules and other Indeed policies, content moderation, and to improve the Site or
any other Indeed program or service. Indeed does not guarantee that the updates to the job applications listed
on the "My jobs" page within your Indeed account will be accurate or complete. You may turn off this feature at
any time via your email settings.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
b. Identity Verification: When you create an Employer account, you may be required to verify your identity,
potentially through a third-party service like ID.me or Persona ("Third Party Verification Services"). You agree that
Third Party Verification Services are separate from Indeed and are responsible for their collection, use, storage,
processing or loss of data you provide to them, and any related legal obligations. Indeed does not collect any
biometric information or biometric identifiers, or receive any biometric information or biometric identifiers from
the Third Party Verification Services.

---
c. Data: When you create an account on behalf of an Employer, the account belongs to the Employer, and you
acknowledge that any and all information that you provide Indeed through the account, such as the actions you
take and when you take them, will be visible to the Employer. As part of this account you may have an individual
profile ("Employer Profile"). Your Employer Profile consists of information you provide on the Site in the "Account
Settings" and "Employer Settings" section of the account. Employers may request that Indeed disable an account
at any time by contacting the Employer Help Center. Please note that Indeed may be required to preserve
business records pertaining to that account to comply with its obligations under law or to establish or exercise its
legal rights. If you access or use any Indeed Application Programming Interface (API), including accessing and
using the Site or any of the Indeed Apps or any Applicant Tracking System (ATS) through an API, you agree to be

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
e. Extended Campaign Tools: Indeed's Extended Campaign Tools (also known as "Indeed Central" or "Groups")
help coordinate Job Ads for multi-location businesses like franchises or large companies with many locations.
Use of these tools means sharing your account data (locations, Job Ad performance, contact, spend) with your
franchisor or corporate HQ. The franchisor or corporate HQ may also provide Indeed with contact info for their
franchisees/local offices and Job Ad content. By using these tools, you consent to this data sharing, confirm all
provided information is accurate, and warrant you have the right to share it. You can request Indeed grant
additional users access to your Extended Campaign Tools account; Indeed will contact these users based on the
information you provide and is not responsible for user verification.

---
a. General: When you post a Job Ad, Indeed/Glassdoor may automatically create a Company Page or Glassdoor
Profile Page for you, displaying public company information. You authorize Indeed to claim this page on your
behalf (known as "Claimed Profile" or similar), allowing you to edit it. User Content, including Job Ads (both
directly posted by you and indexed by Indeed from other sources), may appear on your Company Page. You are
solely responsible for content you add or edit on your Company Page, including photos, videos, and linked third-
party websites. We moderate User Content using the same standard of review for all employers and do not
provide preferential treatment for our customers. You understand and agree that our application of User
Content moderation policies, and our decision of whether or not to remove a piece of User Content, is within our
sole discretion and cannot form the basis of a violation of the Terms.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
a. General: When you use Indeed's candidate management tools (e.g., using the interface where you can view and
manage your candidate data (your "Employer Dashboard"), using the Indeed Apply function for your Job Ads),
you agree Indeed may make available functions allowing you to take actions regarding the Job Seeker, such as
tools for setting up interviews, viewing resumes, and rejecting candidates. If you use Indeed's candidate
management tools, Indeed may compile a candidate's application materials into a single document or webpage
and may add functions into corresponding Indeed Apply emails. Indeed may also enable a chatbot for Job
Seekers to apply to your Job Ad by answering questions, with their answers presented as a job application.
Additionally, Indeed may activate its Indeed Apply relay function for your Job Ads and send applications to your
provided email address. Indeed may use your data from interactions with materials (Job Ads, resumes,
applications, interviews, messages) on the Site or ATS for data analysis, quality control, or to improve programs
and services, including search results. Indeed may store such information regardless of whether a job vacancy
has been filled.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
e. Matches: Indeed may present Job Seeker Resumes which match Job Ads you have posted, or present Job Ads to
matching Job Seekers. To generate matches, Indeed uses data collected through our Site from both Employers
and Job Seekers. This includes Job Ads, Resume, application materials (including responses to screener
questions), and user activity on the Site (such as searches run and Job Ads clicked on and applied to). Indeed's
matches use the ESCO classification of the European Commission. You are free to disregard such matches and
are ultimately responsible for your sourcing and screening decisions.

---
g. Your Collection of Demographic Data: Indeed may offer functionality permitting you to request demographic
information, including disability status, from applicants to your Job Ad. If you use such functionality, you
represent that you are a federal contractor or subcontractor who is required to seek disability status information
from job applicants for the purpose of complying with the Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract
Compliance Programs ("OFCCP") requirements. You acknowledge that this functionality is presented without
warranty, and compliance with any OFCCP or other governmental record-keeping requirements remains your
sole responsibility.

---
h. Indeed's Collection of Demographic Data: Indeed may give Job Seekers the opportunity to provide certain
demographic information to Indeed, such as race and ethnicity, gender, age, LGBTQ+ community membership,
and disability status, as well as whether they have an arrest or conviction record ("demographic data"). This
Indeed demographic data survey is separate from any voluntary self-identification questions provided by
Employers. You agree that Indeed may collect demographic data from Job Seekers applying to your Job Ad using
Indeed's demographic survey, and that Indeed may use information from that survey to evaluate and improve
our services. You further agree that you as an Employer have no ability, right, or entitlement to view or access
demographic data collected via the Indeed demographic data survey pertaining to any Job Seeker or related to
any employer by any means including civil discovery, subpoena, or any other legal process without their
permission. Indeed disclaims any warranty regarding the demographic composition of Job Seekers applying to
any particular job.

---
j. Verification: You acknowledge that as part of its efforts to combat fraud and spam, Indeed may require that
users verify their email address, including Job Seekers applying to your job. However, email verification is not
guaranteed. You are responsible for your use of any software that rejects applications from unverified email
addresses.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
1. Phone Screening: By using any automated phone screen service, you agree that you are requesting Indeed to
send a Job Seeker a telephone number, which the Job Seeker may call with the purpose of answering your
telephone screening questions. You agree these questions are part of your application process, are solely
determined by you, and are not being asked by Indeed. You also agree that Indeed will forward you the recording
of the answers to your questions. This includes Indeed listening to and analyzing the recording in accordance
with Indeed's Privacy Policy, as well as Indeed providing the recording to third parties to aid in analysis or quality
of the service. Indeed disclaims all warranties with regard to the transmission or storage of such phone screens
and responses, does not guarantee their delivery or receipt, and does not guarantee the date or time at which
they may be sent.

---
m. Labels: Indeed may add informational labels like "Responsive Candidate" or "Interested" to Job Seeker profiles
based on activity or status, and can change or remove them. If you transfer candidate data to a third-party ATS,
Indeed may reflect the status of that transfer on your dashboard, based on whether the ATS has acknowledged
receipt of the data or not. Indeed does not guarantee the accuracy of such labels.

---
a. Virtual Interviews: You may be offered tools for virtual interviews or other communications. (e.g., Indeed
Interview, Indeed Hiring Platform, Interview On Demand, phone/video interviews). These services may include
scheduling, conferencing, and other collaborative tools from third-party providers. Indeed is not a
telecommunications provider and does not guarantee service availability, quality, or interview times. Indeed also
doesn't verify Job Seeker identities or qualifications. Indeed is not a party to your Virtual Interviews and is not a
participant in any arrangements you make with Job Seekers. While Indeed may allow you to signal availability for
live Virtual Interviews in Job Ads, this doesn't guarantee applications or interview availability. By using Interview
On Demand, you commit to being available when your Job Ad status is set to "online." Upon your request, Indeed
may invite additional company representatives to join Virtual Interviews using email addresses you provide. You
are responsible for the accuracy of this contact information and for the conduct of your representatives. By
extending invitations, you are binding them to Indeed's Terms, and you represent that you have the authority to
do so. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT INDEED OFFERS
NO PROTECTION, AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SECURING OR PROTECTING, ANY INFORMATION OR DATA
YOU SHARE OR TRANSMIT DURING VIRTUAL INTERVIEWS (INCLUDING AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT, INTERVIEW
QUESTIONS/ANSWERS, OR YOUR IMAGE/LIKENESS). INDEED ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR THE MISUSE OF SUCH
DATA, NOR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AVAILABILITY OR RETENTION OF ANY INTERVIEW RECORDINGS. YOU
ACCESS AND USE VIRTUAL INTERVIEWS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

---
c. Use of Virtual Communications: You shall only use the recordings and other information obtained through
Virtual Communications for your internal hiring purposes. You agree that the interview questions are part of
your application process and determined solely by you. Indeed reserves the right to not submit a candidate's
response if a candidate or Employer uses the tool in an abusive manner, which shall be determined in Indeed's
sole discretion. The content of the interview questions, as well as the content of any video recordings, transcripts
and any other information that you or a Job Seeker sends through the Site are considered User Content as
defined in the Terms.

---
d. Recording Consent: You shall not record any communication with a Job Seeker without securing all necessary
consents from all participants, in compliance with all applicable laws. By enabling any recording feature on the
Site, you represent and warrant that you have obtained such consent and will comply with all applicable laws,
including state and federal law regarding consent to record interviews and phone calls.
i. You agree that any recordings made through the Site may be stored and accessed by Indeed and its
vendors.
ii. We may retain recordings in accordance with our video retention policy, after which they will be
permanently deleted. However, you agree that Indeed is not obligated to store or retain any recording of a
Virtual Interview.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
g. Information Provided by Indeed (e.g., Badges, Summaries): Indeed may, at its discretion, add labels, badges, or
summaries (e.g., "Responsive Employer," "Active Employer," "Hired on Indeed," "Verified") to Employer names or
Job Ads, and may share explanatory content with Job Seekers regarding an Employer's responsiveness or a Job
Ad's details. Such content may be Al-Generated Content. Indeed determines eligibility for such labels and
content. The absence of a label or content may indicate insufficient data. Indeed does not guarantee the
accuracy of such labels, badges, or content and may change or remove them at any time. Indeed may inform Job
Seekers of your actions or inactivity regarding their application materials (e.g., viewing, responding, online
status), and you consent to this.

---
7. Candidate Import
a. General: Indeed may offer functionality that allows you, or someone acting on your behalf or authority (such as a
recruitment management service), to upload (or otherwise sync or provide) information about job
applicants/candidates to Indeed and to manage these candidates and direct Indeed to interact with these
candidates on your behalf (hereafter "Candidate Import").

---
b. Data Processing: By using Candidate Import, you instruct Indeed to display information about interactions with
job applicants within your and your applicants' respective Indeed accounts. If this information includes Client
Personal Data (as defined below), you instruct Indeed to process such information on your behalf pursuant to the
Terms and the Data Processing Agreement. You represent and warrant that you or any authorised third party
have obtained all necessary rights and consents from, and provided all necessary information and disclosures to,
job applicants as required under Applicable Data Protection Law to share their Personal Data with Indeed. You
agree to defend and indemnify Indeed for any losses, claims (including third party and direct claims), actions,
suits, demands, damages, judgments, settlements, liabilities, and costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees
and costs) arising out of or related to the breach of the foregoing sentence.

---
d. Collection and Processing of Data: The Extension permits Employers to access certain Site features, programs,
and services from an Employer's ATS. To provide its services, the Extension interacts with certain web pages (like
pages within your Employer ATS) that you visit. If you do not want the Extension to interact with or access
those certain web pages, do not use the Extension. It is your sole responsibility to permit or deny the Extension
access.
When using Site features, programs, and services accessed through the Extension, you agree to your activities,

---
[PAGE BREAK]
communication, materials, and User Content (including on your ATS) being recorded, processed, analyzed,
reviewed, and stored (including via automated means) for data analysis, quality control, enforcement of the Sites'
rules and other Indeed policies, content moderation, and to improve the Extension, the Site or any other Indeed
program or service. To achieve these purposes, we use such data about your particular activity, communication,
and materials to develop, train, build, and use statistical models, including artificial intelligence and machine
learning models. In accordance with Indeed's Data Processing Agreement and as allowed by applicable laws, we
may use Indeed Job Seeker data to improve our services, including by developing, training, fine-tuning, building,
and using artificial intelligence, including statistical and machine learning models.
Indeed also uses vendors as an extension of the Site and the Extension to collect, record, process, analyze, and
store activity and communication data and User Content to help Indeed achieve the aforementioned purposes. If
you disagree with any part of these terms, do not use the Extension.
By installing the Extension, you agree to Indeed's collection of data relating to your visit to third party sites, as
described in Indeed's Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.

---
c. Target audience: Target audience membership is based partly on information and criteria provided by the
Employer, for example information provided in the Ad, but the composition of each target audience on the Site,
and the frequency of publication to that audience, are determined by Indeed in its sole discretion. Indeed may
have limited or no control over the display of Ads on Other Sites, including their audiences.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
f. Pricing Generally: The price to sponsor an Ad is measured by user activity, such as impressions, clicks, Started
RSVPS, RSVPS, or Started Applications. You are not buying these clicks or other actions themselves; they are only
different ways to measure the advertising service Indeed provides. Prices vary based on many factors, including
supply and demand of Ads, impressions, clicks, Started RSVPS, RSVPs, Started Applications, Applications, internet
traffic, time of day or year, job title, and job location. You are responsible for setting and managing your campaign
budgets. Indeed's budget recommendations and performance estimates (like expected visibility or clicks) for
your Ad are "as is," without warranty. They don't guarantee performance, visibility, or interaction. A budget set
for one campaign does not apply to others. You may have the option to sponsor an Ad at a "per day" budget
specified on the Site; in that case, Indeed charges the specified amount daily regardless of Ad activity. Your Ad
runs only up to the daily budget and may not last all day. Budget changes or closures can take a day to apply,
during which the budget is non-refundable.
Indeed may require a minimum budget per Job Ad or Indeed Hiring Event, including for each Ad in a campaign. If
a campaign budget is insufficient, some Ads will not be sponsored until more budget is added.
You can sponsor an Ad or a campaign at a premium budget for specific features on the Site. Available features for
each Ad within a single campaign may vary. You are responsible for reviewing and selecting features and optional
targeting, including geographic and job criteria. Indeed does not guarantee the accuracy of user-provided
information for some targeting features. You can opt in or out of optional Ad features, and your Ad budget won't
change unless stated otherwise. Charges are based solely on Indeed's measurements of user activity (e.g.,
clicks, applications, impressions), which are binding. Indeed's measurements of user activity may include and
rely on data from third parties, including vendors and Other Sites, over which Indeed has limited control or
knowledge.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
1. Tracking Pixels: Indeed permits you to include tracking pixels in Ads as a courtesy but may disable them at any
time, without warranty of function or accuracy. Do not rely on pixels; they are for convenience only and cannot
be used for user profiling, behavioral analytics, or to dispute Indeed's advertising charges. You are solely
responsible for your pixels and must comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws. You agree to
defend and indemnify Indeed from any losses, claims (including third party claims and direct claims), actions,
suits, demands, damages, judgments, settlements, liabilities, and costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees
and costs) arising out of or related to your use of tracking pixels.

---
m. Integrations: Indeed may support or offer functionality by which an Employer may monitor progress through
parts of their hiring process, such as a conversion tracker or ATS integration ("Integrations"). Integrations send
data to Indeed about applications originating on the Site, including completion of an application, contacts,
interviews, and hiring decisions. This data is User Content under the Terms. Integrations involving Indeed's
Sponsored Jobs API may also allow Employers to automate the sponsorship of Job Ads. By accessing or using the
Sponsored Jobs API, you or your End User may incur a charge whenever your or your End User's monthly spend
to sponsor Job Ads via monthly campaign(s) is less than the calculated total monthly cost of using the API as
determined by Indeed and indicated on the Site, in the API Documentation (including in the Indeed Developer
Portal), or as otherwise communicated to you by Indeed. Spend on Job Ads sponsored with daily budgets is not
considered when determining if you or your End User will incur a charge. Charges are solely based on Indeed's

---
[PAGE BREAK]
d. Disclaimer: Smart Sourcing tools use Job Seeker-provided information and your job requirements to filter, sort,
match, or rank. A resume's appearance in results doesn't guarantee the Resume Owner has selected
attributes/experience or job interest. You are solely responsible for verifying all Resume Owner/Job Seeker
information, including licenses, certifications, or security clearances. Indeed does not guarantee the accuracy of
any skill, certification, or qualification verifications on the Site; you are solely responsible for verifying this
information. You also are solely responsible for any action or decision you make with respect to recruitment or
hiring that is based in whole or in part on information you receive in connection with your use of Smart Sourcing.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
a. General: When filling out forms
associated with Career Services, you agree to provide complete and accurate information. Any information you
upload through the forms, including a resume, constitutes User Content and shall be treated in accordance with
any User Content sections herein.

---
b. Features: Jobseeker Premium features may vary based on your location, as described on the Site. Top Applicant
Feed suggests jobs where you may be a top applicant, based on your Profile data, applicant data and the job's
information. It does not guarantee outcomes and is not endorsed by the hiring authority or Employer for each
particular job. With your Jobseeker Premium subscription, you may receive Top Choice credits, where you can
mark an application as a Top Choice. Only certain jobs are eligible for Top Choice designations. During your free
trial, you may be able to mark one application as a top choice. Top Choice credits do not have a particular
monetary value. They do not roll over at the end of each month. If you do not use all of your Top Choice credits
during a monthly billing cycle, you will lose any unused credits. If you cancel your Jobseeker Premium
subscription, you will lose any unused Top Choice credits at the end of your subscription period. Applicant
Insights provides information about other applicants to a job. This data is aggregated and only available for
certain jobs where enough information is available. Who Viewed My Profile provides information about
companies that have viewed Your Profile or your application. This may reflect times when Your Profile was
returned in search results or in a list of Jobseekers. In certain locations, Jobseeker Premium may also include
access to Beta Al features, such as Mock Interviews (Section C.6 of our Terms for Specific Programs and Services)
and certain Career Scout features (Section C.7 of our Terms for Specific Programs and Services). Use of these
features is subject to our Al-Generated Content Terms (Section D.9 of our Terms for All Users).

---
[PAGE BREAK]
6. Mock Interviews (Beta)
Indeed may offer you the opportunity to participate in mock interviews facilitated by an Al interviewer and powered by
Al ("Mock Interviews"). Mock Interviews is subject to our Beta Program terms. If you access or use Mock Interviews, in
addition to the Terms, you agree to be bound by these Mock Interviews Terms. Mock Interviews are a practice
exercise only and are not affiliated with any Employer. The questions and format may differ from actual Employer
interviews. Al may be used to both generate and select interview questions that are asked during the interview. At the
end of the session, an Al-generated score and feedback will be provided based on your responses, which will be
recorded. The score is determined based on the substance of the responses, including their relevance, clarity,
structure, and other factors. Feedback on pacing (speaking speed) and filler words is provided separately and does not
impact your score. The score and feedback will not be shared with employers and should not be considered a
prediction of your performance in an actual interview.

---
All Al-Generated Content provided as part of Mock Interviews is subject to the "Al-Generated Content" section of the
General Terms for All Users, Section D.9, below. No biometric data is collected as part of Mock Interviews. Indeed may
suggest best practices, but you are solely responsible for your job search and interview process. Indeed is not
responsible and disclaims liability for actions taken or not taken based on Mock Interviews content. Mock Interviews
are not professional career counseling or staffing services. In providing Mock Interviews, Indeed is not acting as a job
placement agency or staffing firm. The Mock Interviews feature has no impact on your real job applications or
searches on Indeed. Your Mock Interviews responses, interactions, score and feedback will not be shared with any
employers, and will not influence your experience with other Indeed features. For example, Mock Interviews will not
affect your applications, which jobs you are matched with, the information displayed or saved in your Indeed Profile, or
which job recommendations you receive.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
b. Career Scout uses Al to give you job suggestions, resume help, company information, and general support with
the job search and application process. This Al-Generated Content is based on your profile, how you use Indeed,
and other user-generated data like Employer's Job Ads and company reviews. Career Scout involves interacting
with an Al chatbot. Career Scout may assist you with pre-filling application materials based on your profile,
previous screener question answers, and information you choose to share with the chatbot. If you choose to use
this feature, you are responsible for reviewing and editing all pre-filled information prior to submitting the
application to an employer. Indeed is not a career or legal advisor when providing Career Scout. We do not
promise you any particular employment outcomes. You are responsible for your own job search and your use of
Career Scout, as further explained in Indeed's Terms for Job Seekers. We collect, store, process, and analyze
your interactions with Career Scout. We do this as and for the purposes described in the Indeed Terms of Service
for All Users and our Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
f. Collection and Processing of Data: When using Talent Scout, you agree to your activities, communication,
materials, and User Content on or through Talent Scout (and your ATS when using Talent Scout through your
ATS) being recorded, processed, analyzed, reviewed, and stored, including via automated means, for data
analysis, quality control, enforcement of the Sites' rules and other Indeed policies, content moderation, and to
improve Talent Scout, the Site or any other Indeed program or service. We use such data about your activities,
communication, materials, and User Content to develop, train, build, and use statistical models, including artificial
intelligence and machine learning models. Indeed also uses vendors as an extension of the Site to collect, record,
process, analyze, and store activity and communication data, and User Content. In accordance with Indeed's Data
Processing Agreement and as allowed by applicable laws, we may use Client Personal Data to improve our
services, including by developing, training, fine-tuning, building, and using artificial intelligence, including
statistical and machine learning models. If you disagree with any part of these terms, do not use Talent Scout.
Employers, their representatives or someone acting on their behalf or authority (such as recruitment
management services or agencies) agree that Indeed may process Client Personal Data in accordance with
Indeed's Data Processing Agreement, and instruct Indeed to process such information on their behalf, when
using Talent Scout on or through their ATS.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
a. General: If you access or use Indeed Al Recruiting Summaries ("Al Recruiting Summaries"), in addition to the
general Terms of Service, you agree to be bound by these Al Recruiting Summaries Terms and the Terms of
Service for Employers. You also acknowledge our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
Al Recruiting Summaries uses artificial intelligence and machine learning models (including third-party large
language models) to support Employer hiring needs, including by providing a match score and summaries based
on your job criteria; providing Indeed Al generated follow-up questions based on your job criteria for applicants
to answer using video, audio, and text-based responses ("Al Follow-Up"); providing optional license verification
(via public state licensing boards) for certain health care professions; and optional automated messaging tools.
You can choose to enable Al Recruiting Summaries for certain jobs as indicated on the Site. For every job for
which you enable Al Recruiting Summaries, you request Indeed to include an Al-powered match score and
summary with each candidate application delivered to you, and you request Indeed to generate Al Follow-Up
questions for your job applicants based on your job criteria so that you can get to know your applicants better.
You can access the candidate's Al Follow-Up responses and a summary thereof, but the Al-powered match score
will not include any evaluation of a candidate's Al Follow-Up responses. Al Follow-Up is automatically enabled for
jobs for which you enable Al Recruiting Summaries, but you can turn off Al Follow-Up or Al Recruiting Summaries
at any time in your Employer Dashboard. Each applicable job ad will include a notice to job seekers that your job
uses Indeed to provide Al summaries.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
f. Collection and Processing of Data: When using Al Recruiting Summaries, you agree to your activities,
communication, materials, and User Content on or through Al Recruiting Summaries (and your ATS when using
Al Recruiting Summaries through your ATS) being recorded, processed, analyzed, reviewed, and stored, including
via automated means, for data analysis, quality control, enforcement of the Sites' rules and other Indeed policies,
content moderation, and to improve Al Recruiting Summaries, the Site or any other Indeed program or service.
We use such data about your activities, communication, materials, and User Content to develop, train, build, and
use statistical models, including artificial intelligence and machine learning models. We also use vendors as an
extension of the Site to collect, record, process, analyze, and store activity and communication data and User
Content in furtherance of the aforementioned purposes. In accordance with Indeed's Data Processing
Agreement and as allowed by applicable laws, we may use Client Personal Data to improve our services,
including by developing, training, fine-tuning, building, and using artificial intelligence, including statistical and
machine learning models. If you disagree with any part of these terms, do not use Al Recruiting Summaries.
Employers, their representatives or someone acting on their behalf or authority (such as recruitment
management services or agencies) agree that Indeed may process Client Personal Data in accordance with
Indeed's Data Processing Agreement, and instruct Indeed to process such information on their behalf, when
using Al Recruiting Summaries on or through their ATS.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
When you submit a review, rating, or answer about an employer, you agree that this content, including your job title,
location, employment status (current/former), and submission date, may be displayed publicly on the Site. Indeed is
not responsible or liable for this User Content, even if it personally identifies you. If you wish for your content to remain
private or anonymous, do not provide it.

---
You are responsible for all information you provide or request that Indeed publish, whether through the Site or
otherwise, and whether generated by or for you, in any medium, including text, image, mark, logo, video, or audio, all
which is considered User Content under the Terms. If you provide User Content, it must comply with the Site Rules
(below), Indeed's policies, and the Terms.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
a. Indeed Collects and Processes Communication Data: By using the Site, including via an API, you agree that
Indeed collects, records, processes, analyzes, and stores (including via automated means) all your activities,
interactions, and communications on or through the Site. This includes visited URLs, viewed content, input info,
clicks, scrolls, hovers, and time spent. For example, when you search for jobs, send/open emails, message users,
chat with support, interact with a chatbot, speak with personnel, or submit applications, Indeed collects this data
from all users, including those in private browsing modes. If you, or anyone on your behalf, send or receive
communication via API (including by sending or receiving communication to/from an email address aliased by

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Indeed or by using a different email address from the one associated with your account), you agree to the
communication being processed in accordance with this section. This data about your activities, interactions, and
communications on or through the Site is used for analysis, quality control, policy enforcement, content
moderation, and to improve the Site and other Indeed programs/services. To achieve these purposes, we use this
data to develop, train, build, and use statistical models, including artificial intelligence and machine learning
models. Indeed uses vendors as an extension of the Site to collect, record, process, analyze, and store this data.
You authorize Indeed to use this data, User Content, and Al-Generated Content to develop and train Al/machine
learning models, without compensation. If you disagree with any part of these terms, do not use the Site.
When you use the Site, you are requesting that Indeed send data, text, and images which may be stored in
temporary or permanent storage in your device. You may delete this data by clearing third-party cookies from
your browser and device. You authorize Indeed to make any connections with wires, lines, cables, or instruments,
including with communication systems, that it may decide to make from time to time in connection with
operating the Site. You further authorize Indeed to use processes that record or decode dialing, routing,
addressing, and signaling information. You acknowledge that the foregoing is necessary to the operation of the
Site.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
d. Your Contact Information: Indeed may contact you via your account, email, phone (mobile included), or postal
mail, using information you provide or Indeed obtains from third parties. By providing a phone number you
confirm you are the primary user and agree to receive calls and Text Messages at that number, even on mobile,
which may be automated. "Automated" on the Site refers to sending messages to your provided number, not
number generation. Promptly update your number if it changes. You agree that providing your number or using
the Site establishes a business relationship, allowing Indeed to send you related Text Messages. To stop Text
Messages, reply STOP or contact Indeed Customer Support. Other unsubscribe attempts may not be recognized.
Replying STOP to an Indeed text alert unsubscribes you from those specific alerts. For subscribed offerings like
Hiring Events, reply STOP within those specific message flows. Replying STOP only unsubscribes you from Text
Messages; other communications may continue. You can also revoke Text Message consent by closing your
Indeed account. Indeed is not responsible for third parties you've given your number to. To stop
marketing/commercial emails or manage preferences, update email settings on your Indeed account or use the
unsubscribe link in the messages.

---
f. Phone Number Only (PNO) Accounts: In certain countries, you may create an account using only a phone
number and a WhatsApp account. You acknowledge the limitations of PNO Accounts, including that if you lose
access to your phone number, you may lose access to your account and data, and that password recovery may
not be possible. You represent that you are the primary user of the telephone number registered. If the phone
number associated with your PNO Account has been recycled or a third party has access to it, there is a risk that a
third party could access your PNO Account. To unsubscribe at any time from non-transactional WhatsApp
messages connected to your PNO Account, reply STOP by WhatsApp to the relevant message. DUE TO THE
UNSTRUCTURED CONVERSATIONAL FORMAT OF THIS SERVICE, WE MAY NOT RECOGNIZE OTHER
UNSUBSCRIBE ATTEMPTS. Please note that since PNO Accounts depend on the functionality of third-party
providers, there may be technical issues on the part of those providers. Indeed accepts no liability regarding
phone numbers in PNO accounts being recycled or Job Seekers losing access to such phone numbers.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
b. Billing: Invoices may be sent electronically. By providing a payment method, you authorize Indeed to charge it for
all fees owed.
If your Indeed employer account has a credit card or other payment method on file, such as bank account information
for Automatic Clearing House ("ACH") payment, Indeed may charge that payment method for any programs or
services you order and for any outstanding payments, including to correct billing errors.
By providing your bank account information and signing up for direct debits from Indeed, you authorize Indeed to use
ACH to debit the bank account specified for any amount owed for charges arising from your use of Indeed's services
or purchase of programs or services from Indeed, pursuant to these terms, until this authorization is revoked.
Your credit card, bank account, and related billing and payment information may be shared by Indeed with companies
who work on Indeed's behalf, such as payment processors or credit agencies, for the purposes of checking credit,
effecting payment to Indeed, and servicing your account. Indeed may obtain updated payment information for credit
and debit cards through payment card networks, card issuers or other third party sources. Indeed may use the
updated card and bank account information to charge amounts you owe for purchase of any Indeed service unless
otherwise indicated by You. Indeed shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information by such third
parties. You may not delete a credit card from your Indeed account if it is the only payment method on file and you
have outstanding invoices or charges to your Indeed account. Indeed may also provide information in response to
valid legal process, such as subpoenas, search warrants and court orders, or to establish or exercise its legal rights or
defend against legal claims. Indeed shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information. You waive all claims
relating to charges unless claimed within 120 days after the charge (this does not affect your credit card issuer rights).

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
a. General: Generally, the Site is only for use by people aged 16 or over. However, some jurisdictions might have
different restrictions as outlined below. In all jurisdictions, if you are under the legal age of majority in your
jurisdiction, you must use the Site under the supervision of your parent, legal guardian, or responsible adult, even
if your age is above the Indeed permitted use age for that jurisdiction. By accessing the Site from anywhere, you
represent and warrant that your age is above the Indeed age restrictions in your jurisdiction (e.g. over 16 in the
United States, and over 18 in EEA). We adopt a range of measures to try to ensure that no information is
knowingly solicited from individuals who do not meet the minimum age or any other applicable age
requirements. If we learn that an individual who does not meet the minimum age requirement has used the Site
or provided personal information through the Site, we will restrict access to, or close their account, and remove
that information from our systems.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
1. Recommender Systems
Indeed uses the following information to display Job Ads in recommender systems (as defined under the DSA) and to
determine the relevant prominence of Job Ads within such recommender systems: information directly provided to
Indeed such as profile information and resume, prior activity on the Site, search terms and/or search location ("Main
Parameters"). Prior activity on the Site means actions that you have taken on the Site, for example, previous searches,
jobs that you have clicked on, jobs that you have applied to, job alert emails that you have subscribed to and
companies/roles in which you have expressed an interest. To modify or influence the search results you see, you can
modify your search terms.

---
The Main Parameters are used by Indeed to target Job Seekers with Job Ads that are most suitable for them, based on
information available to Indeed. The appearance of a Job Ad on your job search results page is not a guarantee that
the Job Ad is suitable for you. Indeed ranks and orders Job Ads within search results based on a combination of
remuneration paid to Indeed by Employers and the Main Parameters.

---
In the EU, we return search results in Resume Search/Smart Sourcing based on search terms, Job Ad data, prior activity
of Resume Owners on the Site and/or Resume Owner data. Resume Owner data refers to data provided by Resume
Owners to Indeed, for example, their current job title and location. Prior activity of Resume Owners means actions that
Resume Owners have taken on the Site, for example, jobs that Resume Owners have previously applied to or clicked
on. The most significant criteria in determining the information suggested to users is search terms. These parameters
are used to try to predict the probability that a Resume Owner will apply to a Job Ad and positively respond to an
Employer

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
Applicable Data Protection Law means all laws, regulations, and other legal requirements relating to (i) privacy, data
security, consumer protection, marketing, promotion, and text messaging, email, and other communications; (ii) the
use, collection, retention, storage, security, disclosure, transfer, disposal, and other processing of Personal Data
applicable to the processing of Client Personal Data under the Agreement including but not limited to General Data
Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR"), Federal Data Protection Act of 19 June 1992 (Switzerland), UK Data
Protection Act 2018 and UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), Japanese Act on the Protection of
Personal Information (Act No. 57 of 2003 as amended in 2015) and any US state or federal laws or regulations
pertaining to the collection, use, disclosure, security or protection of personal data, or to security breach notification,
e.g. The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (together the "CCPA"); and
binding guidance and / or codes of practice issued by a competent supervisory authority under applicable laws (as
defined in the GDPR), or the European Data Protection Board.

---
Client Personal Data means Client-owned or controlled personal data, where Indeed acts as the Processor or Service
Provider of such Data. Unless prohibited by Applicable Data Protection Law, Client Personal Data shall not include
information or data that is anonymized, aggregated, de-identified and/or compiled on a generic basis and which does
not name or identify a specific person.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
Categories Data Subjects
The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects: Individuals about whom Personal
Data is provided to Indeed via the Services by (or at the direction of) Client, which may include without limitation
Client's or its Affiliates' employees, contractors, and end users.

---
Purposes of the transfer(s)
The transfer is made for the following purposes: Indeed will only process Client Personal Data as Processor for the
following purposes and only when necessary and proportionate to comply with the Client's instructions: Providing
and updating the Services as licensed, configured, and used by Client and its users, including through Client's use of
Indeed settings, administrator controls or other Service functionality; Securing and real-time monitoring the Services;
Resolving issues, bugs, and errors; Providing Client requested support, including applying knowledge gained from
individual Client support requests to benefit all Indeed Clients but only to the extent such knowledge is anonymized as
set out in the Agreement and this Appendix A detailing the subject matter, nature, purpose, and duration of Personal
Data Processing in the Controller to Processor capacity; Any other documented instruction provided by Client and
acknowledged by Indeed as constituting instructions for purposes of this Addendum.

---
Categories of Personal Data
Depending on the Services you use, the personal data transferred may primarily concern the following categories of
data:
Indeed Account Information: Data associated with the end user's Indeed account, password, company name, and
Client's preferences. This will include: Indeed unique user ID, social media login (optional), email address, and display
name.
Client Authentication Data: This may include username and password unless Single Sign On (SSO) is used.
Interview Content. This may include video, audio, transcripts, interview notes, and interview questions.
Chat Messages. Content sent between users on an Indeed hosted video platform (e.g. Indeed Interview)
Calendar Information. This may include meeting schedules and event information made available through Client
controlled integrations (e.g. Outlook, Google Calendar).
Candidate Materials: Data that Job Seekers disclose to employers in the hiring process. This data may include
applications, which generally contain job seeker resumes, screening data (such as answers to screener questions),
cover letters, and any other data a job seeker agrees to share with Employers when they express interest in
employment opportunities, for example, by applying or registering for events.
Employer Materials: This may include contact details to receive applications and messages, recruiter profiles,
disposition information and employers' notes about candidates, and candidate preferences.
Interview Metadata: This may include information about your interview product usage, such as frequency, quality,
timezone, attendance, and duration of events, as well as network activity and sample text you save to dash.
Device and Network information: Information about your desktop and mobile device, which may include network
data, operating system, user agent, MAC / IP address, and service logs.
User Feedback and Satisfaction Data: This may include ratings and plain text feedback on how we can improve our
services.

---
Special categories of personal data (if appropriate)
Special categories are not required to use the Services. Such special categories of data include, but may not be limited
to, Personal Data with information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical belief,
genetic or biometric data, data concerning your health or sexual orientation. To the extent such sensitive data is
submitted, it is determined and controlled by Client in its sole discretion.