1.1 What information do you need to provide to Vone?
If you register an account to use Vone then we will need some information
from you to set this up (e.g., to set up a profile and validate your phone
number). To set up your account, we will need a nickname, your mobile
number, and a password. You can further refine and populate your profile
with additional information. If you use the services available within Vone
(such as posting photos to your Moments and Time Capsule or following
Official Accounts), we will process information to allow the services to
operate.

---
1.2 Data collected and shared automatically
1.IP address: Collects device's IP address, which may be used to estimate
the general location of a device.
2.User product interactions: Collects user product interactions and
interaction information, including app launch, taps, and video views.
3.Diagnostic information: Collects information related to the performance
of your app and the SDK, including crash logs, app launch time, hang rate,
and energy usage.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
All of the user data collected by Google Mobile Ads SDK is encrypted in
transit using the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.

---
1.3 How will we use your information?
We use your information to provide Vone to you, allow you to communicate
with other users, and to use the features of the Vone Open Platform. We
use your information for account set-up, to facilitate communications,
provide support, allow you to access features of Vone, and to improve
Vone. Vone uses contact channels provided by you, such as mobile number
or email address, for verifying and protecting your account and for
important administrative reasons and does not use these channels for
promotional or marketing reasons.

---
1.5 Where do we process your data?
Our servers are located in Hongkong. We also have support, engineering
and other teams that support the provision of Vone to you, located around
the world. Your data may be accessed from such locations. Rigorous

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
1.6 How long will we keep your data?
The retention period we retain your information depends on the type of
information - for example, login data is kept for up to 90 days from the date
of collection. If you contact us to delete your Vone account, we will delete
your information within 60 days of verifying ownership of your account or
receiving your account deletion request, whichever is later.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
This Privacy Policy explains the processing of your Vone related information
When, how and why, and sets out your options and rights with respect to
this information.Read it carefully - it's important for you to understand how
we collect and use your information and the controls you can take.

---
If you do not agree to process your information in the manner described in
this privacy policy, please do not provide your information and stop using
Vone when you request it.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
If you use Vone Acting on behalf of a company, partnership, association,
government or other organization (your "organization"), you agree to notify
such person that we will collect personal information about the individual
owners, shareholders, directors, officers, managers, employees and other
relevant persons ("related persons") of your organization that we collect or
provide to us from time to time, And you agree to obtain the consent of the
related person so that we can process his / her personal information in
accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations in
accordance with this privacy policy.References to "you" or "your" in this
privacy policy include you and any associated persons.If you or any of your
associates would like to request us to remove your personal information

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2.2 What information do you need to provide to Vone?
This section describes the various types of personal information we collect
from you and how we collect it.If you want to learn more about specific
types of data and how we use them, please refer to the privacy policy
section below.
We deal with different kinds of information and data when we provide Vone
.These categories are as follows:
1. "Location data" Is information derived from your GPS, Wi-Fi, compass,
accelerometer, IP address, or public post that contains location
information.Location information will be disclosed to us or other users, or
both, when:
• When you use location-based features (such as "People Nearby", "Live
Nearby", "Nearby News", "Add Location to Published Content", etc.) and
share your location with other Vone users. If you refuse to provide this
information, you will not be able to use the above features normally;
• When you visit Vone, we will obtain your location information through
your IP address, device or Internet service to prevent multiple or
fraudulent login to your account.
• Log data It is the information that we use, network beacons, log files,
scripts or automatically collected when you use Vone cookie Etag,
including:
• Device attributes, such as: information about your mobile carrier,
configuration information provided by your web browser or other
programs you use to access Vone, your IP address, application ID and
application name, as well as the version and identification number of
your device;
• Information related to content that you have searched or viewed using
Vone, such as used web search terms, accessed social media profiles,
and details of other information and content that you have accessed or
requested while using Vone ;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
and duration of the communication (but excluding the content of such
communication, unless you are communicating with our support service
team);
• Metadata, such as the date of your capture or the date of your
publication, or the information about the project you shared.
2. "Non personal information" It refers to any information that cannot
identify you directly or indirectly under normal circumstances.
3. "Personal information" Any information or combination of information
that is relevant to you and can be used (directly or indirectly) to identify
you.In the privacy policy section below, we list some examples of personal
information (and how we collect it).
4. "Share information" It refers to the information about or related to you
that you voluntarily share on Vone .Shared information may include your
VoneContent published on (including personal data disclosure, lists you
create, and photos, videos, or recordings accessed through your device's
camera and / or microphone sensors with your prior consent), any content
you republish that has been published by others, and location data and log
data associated with such publications.Shared information also includes
information about you (including location data and log data) shared by
others who are using Vone .
5. "Facial data" refers to the facial information we capture through devices,
including but not limited to facial contours, features' positions, skin texture,
wrinkles, moles, freckles, and other such details. Please note that we will
only collect your facial data when you wish to engage in live streaming
activities on Vone.
• When you participate in live streaming or other related social activities
on Vone, your facial data will be used for automatic detection and
identification of inappropriate content to ensure compliance with
platform guidelines.
• When you perform facial authentication, your facial data will be used
to verify your identity and prevent account theft or misuse.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Basic equipment information, including equipment brand, equipment
manufacturer, equipment model number, equipment name, equipment
system type and version, equipment basic configuration, equipment
basic settings, equipment environment;
• Device identification information,Android ID, IDFV (Identifier For
Vendor), IDFA (Identity for Advertisers), OAID (Open Anonymous Device
Identifier)
• Device network information, including network access form, wireless
router identification (BSSID, SSID) and IP address, WIFI list, network
operator information, network base station information, network
connection status
• Device application information, including SDK host application
package name and version number
All references to "information" in this privacy policy include both personal
and non personal information.

---
2.3 How do we use your information?
This section details the types of personal information we collect from you
and why.For users living in the European Economic Area (EEA), it also
defines the legal basis for us to process your data:
1. Registration data and login data. Your name, user nickname, mobile
number, password, gender and IP address. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary
to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide your Vone personal
data and provide Vone services.
• Reason:Open and login user account on Vone; Inform you of changes to
Vone; Promote communication; Provide user support for you; Implement
our terms, conditions and policies; Use Vone to make VoIP calls; Provide
personalized help and guidance; provide personalized help and guidance;
Better understand how you access and use Vone; Develop new services
and improve existing services; Provide language and location

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
operational purposes, including problem solving, data analysis, testing,
research, security, fraud detection, account management and
investigation purposes.
2. (1) Basic equipment information,including equipment brand,
equipmentmanufacturer, equipment modelnumber, equipment name,
equipmentsystem type and version, equipmentbasic configuration,
equipment basicsettings, equipment environment; (2)Device identification
information,, MACaddress, Android ID, IDFV (Identifier ForVendor), IDFA
(Identity for Advertisers), OAID (Open Anonymous DeviceIdentifier), device
serial number (3)Device network information, includingnetwork access
form, wireless routeridentification (BSSID, SSID, MAC) and IPaddress, WIFI
list, network operatorinformation, network base stationinformation,
network connection status(4) Device application information,including SDK
host application packagename and version number
• Reason:Data statistics and Anti-cheating
3. User profile search data. Search the record of the query. Legal basis
(EEA) It is necessary for us to fulfill our contract with you to provide you
with effective access to Vone activities.
• Reason:Quick access to previous searches.
4. Shared information - profile data. Any information you include in your
publicly visible Vone profile may include your profile ID, name and photo.
Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you
to provide your Vone personal data and provide Vone services.
• Reason:Manage the Vone platform according to your instructions and
requests; Provide personalized help and guidance; Provide language and
location customization; Develop new services and improve existing
services; Better understand how you access and use Vone; Maintain your
Vone account according to your instructions and requests.
5. Shared information - profile media. This kind of information includes all
the information you provide to other users through Vone, including: Vone
circle of friends and video dynamic posts, and responses to other users'
Vone circle of friends and video dynamic posts; Another user uses the

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
friends, video updates, and using Vone to communicate with you and others.
Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you
to provide your Vone personal data and provide Vone services.
• Reason:Manage Vone platform; Provide personalized help and
guidance; Provide language and location customization; Develop new
services and improve existing services; Maintain your Vone account
number; Better understand how you access and use Vone.
6. Other account security. Voice lock (an optional security feature we offer
you), emergency contact, hosted device, email address, Facebook connect,
Facebook connect token, Facebook account, twitter, line or Facebook
number and facial recognition / detection and / or login with apple. Legal
basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you to
provide and protect your Vone account number.
• Reason:Verify your identity Account security.
7. Chat data. What you communicate with another user or group of
users.This data is stored on your device and on the device of the user to
whom you send communications.We don't store this information
permanently on our servers, we just transmit it through our servers to
distribute it to the users you choose to send communications to. Legal
basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you to
provide Vone chat service.
• Reason:Facilitate the provision of communication to another user.
8. Contact list. Contact list on your device. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary
to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Vone services and
contact you with your friends.
• Reason:Use the "recommend friends" feature to connect you with
other Vone users.
9. Log data. See definition above. Legal basis (EEA) It is in our legitimate
interest to ensure the safety of our services, manage registration and
improve our services.
• Reason:Better understand how you access and use Vone; Manage
Vone; For internal operational purposes, including problem solving, data

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
10. Location information. See definition above. Legal basis (EEA) It is
necessary for us to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Vone
location related services.Please note that if you use products and services
that require location information.
• Reason:For security, fraud detection, and account management
purposes (for example, to ensure that your account does not have
multiple or suspicious logins); Provide you with the location-based
services you choose to use: Share location (when you choose to share
your location with other users during the chat process); Nearby people,
floating bottles (these are location-based services, you can choose to
use these services to disclose your approximate location within a limited
period of time, and you can choose to clear these location data at any
time); Search (if you use Vone to search, the service will use your
location to provide you with relevant local information); Provides
languages and custom locations.Please note that we only use this
information within vone to provide you with the above-mentioned
security and anti-fraud services, share your location with friends, match
nearby users/live broadcasts/dynamics, etc. This information is sensitive
information and only your approximate location will be obtained instead
of your precise real-time location, and we will not share your location
information with third parties.
11. Customer service information. Any information you provide to our
customer service team. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the
contract we signed with you to provide and support Vone services.
• Reason:Investigate your questions.
12. Device data. Media stored on your device. Legal basis (EEA) It is
necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Vone
services.
• Reason:Promote the sharing of this media through Vone.
13. Social contact information. Your twitter, line, or Facebook connect token,
if applicable. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we
signed with you to provide Vone services.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
logging in to Vone through your social media account. If you publish
content in your circle of friends or video dynamics and you choose to
share it with an authenticated third-party social media account, Vone
will help.
14. Investigation. If you decide to participate in the survey, we will ask you
for some personal information.We may engage a service provider to
conduct these surveys and will let you know before you complete the
survey. Legal basis (EEA) We will collect this information after obtaining
your consent.
• Reason:Better understand how you access and use Vone; Provide
personalized help and guidance; Develop new services and improve
existing services; Improve Vone and respond to customer requests and
preferences.
15. Competition information. Any information you give us when you sign up
for a contest organized on Vone. According to the laws of the European
Economic Area: It is necessary for us to fulfill the contract signed with you
to verify the qualification and prize.
• Reason:It is convenient for you to participate in the competition; For
awards, if applicable.
16. Kana and aggregate data. We will anonymize and aggregate certain
personal information to improve our services Legal basis (EEA) It is in our
legitimate interest to ensure the safety of our services, manage registration
and improve our services.
• Reason:Analyze the function or operation obtained and used in the
application to improve the application experience Fraud detection and
account security analysis Conduct user demographic analysis (e.g.,
region, mobile phone model, operating system platform, system
language and Vone version) for multiple projects to better understand
how our users use Vone The network and account traffic statistics of
the content and service used by users to access third-party services
through Vone open platform are carried out, so as to report the basic

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
17. Personal information in your content
• If any of your personal information constitutes your content (see the
《Vone terms of service》), we and our associated companies may
(subject to this Privacy Policy) use this type of personal information in
the "your content" section of the 《Vone terms of service》.

---
• Government, public sector, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement
agencies or agencies:In some cases, we are required by law to disclose
information (including performing legal obligations or procedures, such as
court orders, subpoenas or other legal writs, or enforcing our terms, dealing
with matters related to security or fraud, or protecting our users), but only
the requester with effective jurisdiction can obtain your personal
information;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2.6 How to use your facial information?
1. Purpose of Collecting Facial Data:
Our app collects facial data through the device's camera for the following
purposes:
• Identity Verification:
• If you use real-person facial recognition, we collect your photos and
facial recognition videos with your approval. This is to compare the

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• Content Safety:
• During your livestream, we capture segments of your stream to
automatically detect and identify inappropriate content, ensuring
compliance with platform standards.
Note: This data is only collected when users actively enable the related
functions.
2. Storage and Duration of Facial Data:
• Local Storage:
• Facial data is processed and stored locally on the device. Data is not
uploaded to external servers, and we employ advanced encryption
techniques to protect data during storage.
• Temporary Storage Duration:
• Facial data is temporarily stored only during the use of the function.
Once processing is complete (e.g., applying a filter or completing
verification), the data is immediately deleted. We ensure that facial data
is not stored for extended periods in the app.
• Continuous Storage:
• For certain functions (e.g., saving processed images), only with explicit
user consent, processed images are stored in the local album, not the
original facial data.
Note:
For facial data during livestreams, we use it in real-time without storing
it.
For real-person authentication data, it is retained until you request
deletion or modification of your personal information, or within 60 days
after your account is deleted (whichever comes first). This duration
considers the possibility of users wanting to recover their account
information, with the maximum recovery period being 60 days.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2.7 How to share your data outside of Vone
Some Vone related features allow you to provide shared information to
audiences outside the Vone Network - for example, publicly accessible
blogs and forums, or certain social media features in Vone allow you to
republish and disclose shared information.If you use these features to
share information, it may be read or used by third parties not related to us.
You can also associate your Vone contact list with the contact list on your
device and / or in the third-party service account to search for and
establish contact with the same Vone account in these contact lists.Prior to
that, Vone will ask for your permission to access your contact list.

---
2.8 Using Vone to access and import information
Vone allows you to associate Vone services with selected third-party social
media services and import certain content and information from these
third-party services. For example:
• You can share content on Vone or log in to Vone using services provided
by a third party. These third-party services validate you and give you the
option to share certain personal information with us. They may also offer

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
• You can sign in to Vone using other registration services, such as
providers. These registration services verify your identity and provide you
with the option to share certain personal information, such as your name
and email address, with us for account registration and login purposes; and

---
• Third party social media platforms are hosted by relevant third
parties. The Vone service is hosted by us. Third parties providing third-party
services may collect your information (including your personal information
and log data) and set cookies on your computer or device to make these
functions work properly.
• Your use of any third party services (social media services or other
services), including any personal information provided by you to such third
parties, as well as their collection and use of your personal information, are
subject to the relevant third party's own terms of service and privacy
policies, not the Vone terms of service》 Or this privacy policy, so please
check these third party terms carefully.

---
2.9 Age limit
Vone is not suitable for children.Children under the age of 16 may not use
Vone for any purpose without first obtaining the consent of the parent /
Guardian (on behalf of the child and himself) to this privacy policy.Without
the above consent, we will not intentionally collect any personal
information provided by children under the age of 16.If you believe that we

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2.10 Where do we process your data?
1. Vone will transfer the personal information collected from you to the
following locations and store or process the information:
2. We provide you with Vone engineering, technical support and our
Hongkong office. In order to provide services to you (for example, to solve
the technical problems you report), technicians may sometimes access
some of your data.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
You can log in to your Vone account at any time to access and correct your
personal information.For example, you can delete the location data
provided to us through your device settings or the "clear location" option in
Vone .

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
You can ask us to erase our personal information about you if:
• You think we no longer need to hold your personal information;
• We have obtained your consent to process your personal information, and
you have revoked that consent (and we have no other reason to request the
processing of personal information);
• You think we are processing your personal information illegally; or
• We collect your personal information when you are under 16 years old.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
4. Portability
You are entitled to receive copies of certain personal information we
collect from you. Process your personal information (including any personal
information you choose to post, including personal data) according to our
personal data collection (including any personal information you choose to
publish, including personal data) according to our privacy policy. You have
the right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and
machine recognizable format. You also have the right to ask us to transmit
these personal information to the other party.