Citymapper is committed to the principles of transparency and protecting our users' privacy. This
Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, share, disclose, and otherwise process your personal
information. It also explains how you can exercise the choices and rights you have regarding your
personal information.

---

Citymapper is the "data controller" (as such term, or equivalent, is defined under applicable data
protection laws) of the personal information collected through the Services which is subject to this
Privacy Notice. Meaning, we control the processing of personal information described under this
Privacy Notice and decide upon the purpose and means of collection and processing.

---

What Information Is Collected
As used in this Privacy Notice, "personal information" or "personal data" is information that
identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably
be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual.
Depending on the nature of your interaction with us and our Services, we may collect the types of
personal information detailed below, as follows (1) information you provide to us, (2) information
collected automatically when you use the Services, and (3) information collected from other sources.
A. Personal information you provide to us
•
User Account Information: To use our Services, you may create an account, provide us with
information about you, such as your email address and, if you choose to, your name and
telephone number. We use your email address to ensure that you can easily access your
account, your saved places and other personalised features across multiple devices. Note that
if you elect to use an external service (e.g., Google, Apple, or Facebook) to create a user
account, we will receive certain information from such platforms. See the "Single Sign On"
below for more information.
In addition, when you plan a journey using our Services, and enter journey data, such as
destinations and preferences, we collect and process this information. Some journey data
may also be collected in real-time via location services. See "Location Information" for
more details.
Note that you do not need to create a user account to use the Services. If you do not
create a user account and use our Services, we will still collect personal information like
journey data, destinations and preferences, as described in this Privacy Notice, including
Location Information. The data will be linked to a unique ID randomly generated by
Citymapper each time you install the Citymapper App, as further detailed under the
"Device Information & Online Identifiers" below. This helps us keep track of your previous
journey planning searches and enables us to find the best route for you. Note that if you
do not create a user account, you may not be able to take advantage of certain features
offered in the Services.

---

• Payment Information: If you elect to pay to access or use any element of the Services
(including premium versions of the Citymapper App or features that enable you to purchase
third-party transportation services), we collect and maintain information about the transaction
and your payment methods (e.g., amount, ticket, time and date, credit card holder, and the last
4 digits of your payment method), available voucher or credit balances, and information about
attempted and actualised transactions, however, we do not directly collect or store full debit
or credit card numbers. Payments for any purchases you make are made through third-party
payment processors providers or in-app payment through the app stores. Note that, in some
cases the purchase of transportation services will be made through integrated services of our
transit partner's service providers and in such event, any information you provide, including
payment information is collected directly by such third party and we do not collect, receive, or
have access to such information. Accordingly, all payment information is provided by you
directly to the third parties detailed above, and their use of your information is further governed
by their privacy notices and practices.

---

• Saved and Shared Preferences: You may choose to select preferences and provide us with
information on your home address, work address, and other saved places to receive
personalised journey-planning Services and to expedite your searches. If you enable these in-
app permissions, you may also share information with us from other apps, including through
your third-party calendar app, so that you can get information about your upcoming events and
help you get to them on time.

---

•
Contact Information and Contact Communications: Whenever you contact us (for example,
through online contact forms available through the Citymapper's websites, by seeking customer
support, providing feedback, responding to one of our messages or survey requests, by signing
up to our Newsletter, etc.), we will collect any information you provide, which may include the
content of your messages to us and any attachments, and depending on the communication,
your name, and contact information such as email address or telephone number, organization
and title, country or mailing address (if you contact us on behalf of an actual or potential
Enterprise Customer). We will also collect information which is apparent from your
communication (for example, the email address or phone number from which you contacted us)
and our communications and correspondence. If you communicate with us by telephone or
other audio or video communication platforms, we may record the audio or video of our
communications, create transcripts, and retain the recordings or transcripts consistent with
applicable law. In certain instances, we may provide you an opportunity to indicate your
preferences for our future communications, and we will collect any preferences you indicate.

---

• Survey and Rewards Program Information: We may offer you the opportunity to participate
in surveys, quizzes, contests, interviews, rewards programs or promotions. If you choose to
participate, we may collect or ask you to provide personal information to participate in such
opportunities, which may include your contact information, feedback to the survey, other
information related to the eligibility of such rewards programs, etc. This information might be
provided directly to us, or to our third-party partners which manage the applicable program
through their platforms.

---

Personal information automatically collected when you use the Services

---

•
Location Information: When you use the Services, we may collect location data (including
GPS, if enabled by you, and Wi-Fi data) from your device or browser. The way in which we
collect location information depends on the features of the Services you are using, as well as
your mobile device and browser settings. For example, if you've authorised your device to
share your location with us, we may use your location at the time you open the Citymapper App
to establish the "start" location for a journey; if you disable your device's location services, you
may have to manually enter the "start" location. Similarly, if you've enabled location-sharing
services, we may collect information about your location at the time that you report an issue to
our customer support team.
In general, when we collect location information from your mobile device, we do so when the
Citymapper App is running in the foreground (i.e., when the application is open and on-screen).
If you use certain functions, like the "Go" feature to receive turn-by-turn navigation, we will also
collect real-time location data throughout your journey in the background (when the application
is open but not on-screen). You can manage or disable location tracking at any time through
your device settings.
In addition, when you use our Services, we may collect approximate location data (for
example country, city and ZIP) based on any automatically collected Device Information
and Online Identifiers, as defined below.

---

•
Device Information & Online Identifiers: We may collect information transmitted from your
device or a browser when you use our Services, including when you use the Citymapper Apps,
when you access our websites or otherwise use our platforms (for example, as an Enterprise
Customer), contact us to report an issue or respond to an in-App survey. This information may
include your internet protocol (IP) address, cookie ID, and similar unique online and mobile
identifiers - for example a unique installation ID randomly generated by Citymapper each time
you install the Citymapper App, tags, mobile advertising identifiers, etc. We collect additional
information related to your browser and device, that, where associated with such online
identifiers, is considered as personal information, such as operating system, browser type,
browser language and time zone, internet service provider, information regarding the mobile
device you use to access the Citymapper App (such as hardware model, screen size, and, if
enabled by you, device motion information), as well as your preferences regarding data access
and collection, for example permissions you have enabled, cookies preferences, etc. We may
further extract your approximate geographical location from the online identifiers (for example,
country, city and ZIP extracted from IP address). Device information and online identifiers are
collected, among others, through our services providers and other business partners'
technologies and tools, including cookies, as further detailed below. For details about how this
information is automatically collected and used, as well as the choices you may have in relation
to those practices, please also review our Cookie Notice.

---

• Usage Information: We collect information about how you interact with our Services. Like
most providers of online services and platforms, we automatically collect information about the
electronic path you take to our Services, through our Services and when exiting our Services,
and your usage and activity on our Services, and may but is not limited to, log data, information
about when and how you downloaded the Citymapper Apps or created your User Account; your
access and login activity; your preferences; details about any transportation or delivery services
you request or participate in through our Services; your transactions; the specific components
of the Citymapper Apps, websites, platforms or any other aspect of our Services you visit or
use, along with details about your views or use of these components and actions made, such
as the links, objects, features, settings, products and benefits you view, click, or otherwise
interact with as well as the duration and time and date stamp and URLs which directed you to
our Citymapper websites; any alerts or communications we send you in connection with your
use of our Services and your interactions with such communications; and any errors that may
have occurred during your use of our Services. This information may be collected and stored
by us, or by our third-party service providers and business partners, using cookies, related
technologies (such as pixels and web beacons), and third-party analytics tools. For more
details, please review our Cookie Notice.

---

C. Personal information collected from other sources and Third Parties
Although we generally collect the personal information described above directly from you or from
your device, we may also collect this information through other third parties that collect and share it
with us through the provisions of our Services, as noted below. Please note that these third parties
might further independently use your personal information as part of your relationship with them. To
learn about third parties' privacy practices, please review their respective privacy notices. The third
parties from which we may collect personal information and types of personal information include:

---

• Via: Subject to applicable laws, we may share and receive personal information within our
company group as needed to provide, improve and develop our Services. Our company group
includes our parent company Via Transportation, Inc. and its other affiliates and subsidiaries
("Via"). We use this information primarily to provide customer support to Citymapper Users in
connection with journeys they book through our Services, as well as for analytics and
troubleshooting purposes.

---

• Service Providers and Business Partners: We work with a wide range of third-party service
providers and business partners who make it possible for us to make the Services available
and also help us to improve the Services. These service providers or business partners include
third-party transportation services; transit ticketing, booking, and payment services; data
storage and processing services, mapping services; customer support services; fraud
prevention, security, and troubleshooting services; communications services; translation and
accessibility services; research and analytics providers; professional service providers;
payment processing services; marketing, advertising, and social media services. These service
providers and business partners may collect your personal information when you provide it to
them or automatically when you interact with them, and they may share that information with
us.

---

•
Social Media: If you interact with us through social media, we may collect personal information
about you that you have chosen to make available to us through your social media account and
social media platform settings. We use personal information collected in connection with your
social media account and activity to communicate with you and better understand your
interests and preferences. Please note that the social media platform's respective privacy
policies further apply to any of your interactions through their platforms and their own
collection, use and personal information sharing practices.

---

•
Inferences: We may generate inferences or predictions about you and your interests and
preferences based on the other personal data we collect and the interactions we have with you.

---

• Single Sign-On: We may provide you the ability to log in to the Services through certain third-
party accounts you maintain. When you use these single sign-on protocols to access our
Services, you give us your permission to retrieve the relevant information about you, depending
on your third party account's settings, which may include your email address, user name or
associated tokens and other public profile information, provided however that we do not receive
your password or similar login credentials.

---

Additionally, we may aggregate, anonymize or de-identify personal information for analytics purposes
to help understand Users' needs and improve our services and offerings. For example, we may
analyse how Users interact with the Services (such as the most viewed content, feature or click
stream) to improve the way we present such content or develop better features, to measure
effectiveness of our content and advertising campaigns, or otherwise to develop and train our
artificial intelligence features and models.

---

•
Provide and Operate Citymapper Services: We use personal information to enable, operate
and provide the Services. For example, we use your contact information to create and maintain
your user account including to store your preferences, or otherwise, if you have not signed-in,
we use the unique ID associated with your app to enable similar functionality. We further use
Device information and Online identifiers to ensure you are using the type and version of our
Citymapper App which is compatible with your device. Our journey planner uses the information
you provide about your desired origin and destination to suggest possible transit modes and
routes you could take. Additionally, if your device's preferences enable you to share your
location, we may collect your location information throughout your journey so that we can
provide journey support, such as alerting you when to get off a bus. If we make third-party
services like transit ticketing platforms available through the Services, we may use your
personal information to enable you to access and use such third-party services.

---

•
Customer Support: We use personal information to provide support to you, respond to your
feedback and inquiries, to investigate or otherwise address incidents, claims, or disputes
relating to the use of the Services, and to monitor and improve our customer support
processes. For example, if you send in a complaint or raise a query, we can use the information
you provide or which we collect from you to reply to your communication and help to address
the issues you identified.

---

• Data storage and processing services: We host the Services on cloud servers and use
third-party vendors for assistance with data collection, processing, storage, retrieval, and
aggregation.

---

• Marketing, advertising and social media services: We use marketing vendors, including
advertising networks, social networks, and marketing communication providers and
consultants to assist in designing our marketing campaigns, and targeting our marketing
to specific audiences. Some of these third parties might collect or use your personal
information under their own policies and practices. Please see our Cookie Notice to learn
more about the information we may share for these purposes and your ability to adjust
advertising preferences.

---

• Research and analytics providers: We may use service providers to help us aggregate
personal information and receive insights about how the Services are used.

---

• Transportation and booking business partners: We may offer you the opportunity to use
our Services to purchase transit tickets or book journeys with transportation providers
(including those made available to you by our affiliates) as well as other features and
services such as to connect to a third-party ride hailing or scooter sharing company. In
those cases, we may share information with such partners to enable them to provide
these services to you including to process transactions, etc. For example, we may share
your name, contact information, and location data with transportation providers to
facilitate journeys booked through the Services and we may share your journey data
through an API integration to enable you to use their services efficiently. Note that these
third parties collect and use your personal information under their own policies and
practices.

---

• With advertising partners and networks: Our Services may further include display of third-
party advertisers' ads. To enable this and depending on your cookies or ads preferences and
settings, such third parties' cookies or similar technologies collect certain information when you
access our Services, such as online identifiers, device information and usage information, as
well as information related to the URL you visited or contact viewed, and location information.
We will further share with such third parties your cookies preferences (for example, if you
provided consent to targeted ads or opted out). Depending on your cookie's preferences and
settings, these third parties might combine your information with other information they
independently collected from your online activities through their network. In addition, your
personal information they collect, and use shall be further subject to their own policies and
practice. Please see our Cookie Notice to learn more about the information we may share for
these purposes and your ability to adjust advertising preferences.

---

You can exercise any of the rights listed above by contacting us at support@citymapper.com and
using the subject line "Data Subject Request". Please note that we may need to verify your identity
before processing your request, which may require us to collect additional Personal Data from you.
We may decline a request to exercise the rights listed above, consistent with applicable laws. Please
also note that if your exercise of any of the rights listed above limits our ability to process Personal
Data, we may not be able to provide some or all portions of the Services to you going forward. We
will respond and fulfil your request within the timeframe required under applicable laws.

---

Protecting the privacy of children is important to us. If we learn that we collected information from a
child without appropriate parental or legal guardian consent, we will take steps to delete it and may
close the relevant account without notice. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided
personal information to us without consent, please contact us at support@citymapper.com.

---

1. Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
Our legal basis for processing Personal Data depends on the type and the specific context in which
we collect and use it. The table below illustrates the categories of Personal Data we collect, provides
examples of how we use Personal Data within each category, and describes the legal bases for our

---

As described in the table, in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent to collect and
process Personal Data for the purposes described below. Where we rely on consent, you have the
right to withdraw your consent at any time, in which case we will cease that collection and use of
your Personal Data for the purpose for which you provided consent.

---

| Category of Personal Data | Purposes of Processing | Legal Bases for Processing |
|---|---|---|
| User Account Information, and Single Sign-On as described in the Privacy Notice. | Setting up and managing User Accounts | Performance of a contract |
| | Providing the Services | Performance of a contract |
| | Personalizing the Services | Legitimate interests; Consent |
| | Improving the Services & analytics | Legitimate interests |
| | Facilitating safety, security, and fraud prevention | Legitimate interests |
| | Providing & improving customer support | Performance of a contract; Legitimate interests |
| | Internal operations of the Services, monitoring & record keeping | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| | Compliance with regulations or lawful requests & enforcement of our terms, policies and agreements | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| Payment Information, as described in the Privacy Notice. | Providing the Services | Performance of a contract |
| | Facilitating safety, security, and fraud prevention | Legitimate interests |
| | Internal operations of the Services, monitoring & record keeping | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| | Compliance with regulations or lawful requests & enforcement of our terms, policies and agreements | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| Saved and Shared Preferences, as described in the Privacy Notice. | Providing the Services | Performance of a contract. In app permissions are further based on Consent. |
| | Personalizing the Services | Legitimate interests; Consent |
| Contact Information and Contact Communications, Social Media as described in the Privacy Notice. | Providing the Services, including sending transactional messages. | Performance of a contract |
| | Improving the Services & analytics | Legitimate interests; Consent (where we use Cookies for such purposes) |
| | Facilitating safety, security, and fraud prevention | Legitimate interests |
| | Providing & improving customer support | Performance of a contract; Legitimate interests |
| | Advertising & marketing communications | Legitimate interests; Consent (where we use Cookies for such purposes or when you sign up to receive our marketing communications) |
| | Internal operations of the Services, monitoring & record keeping | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| | Compliance with regulations or lawful requests & enforcement of our terms, policies and agreements | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| Location Information, as described in the Privacy Notice. | Providing the Services | Performance of a contract; GPS permissions are based on your consent. |
| | Personalizing the Services | Legitimate interests; Consent (where we use Cookies) |
| | Targeted advertising | Consent |
| | Improving the Services & analytics | Legitimate interests; Consent (where we use Cookies) |
| | Facilitating safety, security, and fraud prevention | Legitimate interests |
| | Providing & improving customer support | Performance of a contract; Legitimate interests |
| | Internal operations of the Services, monitoring & record keeping | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| | Compliance with regulations or lawful requests & enforcement of our terms, policies and agreements | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| Device Information, Online Identifiers and Usage Information as described in the Privacy Notice. | Providing the Services | Performance of a contract |
| | Personalizing the Services | Legitimate interests; Consent (where we use Cookies) |
| | Targeted advertising | Consent |
| | Improving the Services & analytics | Legitimate interests; Consent (where we use Cookies) |
| | Facilitating safety, security, and fraud prevention | Legitimate interests |
| | Internal operations of the Services, monitoring & record keeping | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| | Compliance with regulations or lawful requests & enforcement of our terms, policies and agreements | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interests |
| Survey and Rewards Program Information, as defined in the Privacy Notice. | Personalizing the Services | Legitimate interests |
| | Enabling you to participate in a surveys, quizzes, contests, interviews, rewards programs or promotions | Consent |
| | Improving the Services & analytics | Legitimate interests |
| | Internal operations of the Services, monitoring & record keeping | Compliance with legal obligations; Legitimate interest |
| | Facilitating safety, security, and fraud prevention | Legitimate interests |
| Inferences as defined in the Privacy Notice. | Personalizing the Services | Legitimate interests |

---

This information may be
collected and stored by us, or
by our third-party service
providers and business
partners, using cookies,
related technologies, and third-
party analytics tools. Certain
cookies are processed only
with your consent. Please see
our Cookie Notice for details
about how you can provide or
withdraw consent to such
processing.