5. Data Collection during Downloading
---
6. Access Rights of this App
---
7. Contact Form
---
8. Registration and Login
---
9. Facebook Connect
---
10. Data Processing in our Games
---
11. External Game Developers
---
12. Payments made through our App
---
13. Newsletter
---
14. Use of email address
---
15. Surveys
---
16. Processing App Log Files
---
17. Bugsnag
---
18. Combating Fraud
---
19. Facebook SDK
---
20. Information about our Facebook Page
---
21. Google Marketing Services
---
22. Google SDK (Firebase Analytics).
---
23. AppsFlyer SDK
---
24. Microsoft Bing Ads
---
25. Taboola
---
26. Pinterest
---
27. Advertising in apps
---
[SECTION: 2. General Information on the Processing of Personal Data]
The use of the products and services we offer may result in the processing of personal data. The term
"personal data” under data protection law refers to all information relating to a specific or identifiable
person. An IP address can also be considered personal data. An IP address is assigned to each device
connected to the internet by the internet service provider, so that it can send and receive data. When
you use the apps, we collect data that you provide yourself. In addition, when you use the app, we
automatically collect certain information about your use of it.
---
We process personal data in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations of the GDPR and
the German BDSG. We will only process data where we are legally permitted to do so. When you use
these apps, we will process personal data only with your consent (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a
GDPR), for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your
request prior to entering into a contract (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR), for compliance
with a legal obligation (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR) or if the processing is necessary for
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, except where such
interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require the
protection of personal data (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR).
---
[SECTION: 5. Data Collection during Downloading]
When downloading the app, no information is actively transferred by us to the app store involved
(Apple App Store, Google Play, Amazon App Store, Samsung App Store, etc.). If you want to know
what data is collected and processed by a given app store during the downloading process, please
consult their privacy policy. We have no control over any data collection by app stores. They are solely
responsible for the processing of any of your personal data within the meaning of Article 7(4) GDPR.
---
[SECTION: 6. Access Rights of this App]
This app requires various access permissions from your device. These are required to maintain certain
functionality of our apps. For example, if you only want to download updates using a wireless
connection, the app needs access to your wireless connection. If you would like to purchase additional
content via the app, we may need access to the interface required for your app store. Another example
is what is referred to as "push notifications", in which we can use an interface to display a message
directly on your device. The access permissions on your mobile device are dependent on the
operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.) and the store where the app was purchased (e.g. Google
Play Store, Apple App Store, Amazon, etc.).
---
As a rule, you will receive information prior to the installation as to which access permissions are
required by our app. The legal basis for the processing of technically necessary access permissions is
Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR.
---
All further access permissions are based on Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. Under
"Settings" in Apple iOS, you can get an overview at any time of the content that our apps can access.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
You can restrict these access permissions at a later point in time. In Android, various access
permissions are also needed on your mobile device. Under “Settings/Apps" you can subsequently
check the access rights of our apps.
---
[SECTION: 7. Contact Form]
Our app contains a contact form with which you can send us messages. The transfer of your data is
encrypted.
The legal basis for processing this data is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. All data fields
marked as mandatory are required for the execution of the contract. If they are not provided, the
contractual services cannot be carried out. The provision of any additional data is voluntary.
Alternatively, you can also send us a message to the contact e-mail address.
---
[SECTION: 8. Registration and Login]
In order to use certain functions of the app, registration within the app is required. Upon completion of
the registration process, a contract of use is entered into.
In the context of this use, only the information you provide is processed. This information can be seen
on the registration screen. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b
GDPR. It is absolutely essential to provide the information marked as mandatory in order to establish
the user relationship. The data provided will only be processed for the purposes stated in the terms of
use and they will only be stored for the duration of use. You may terminate your use at any time by
deactivating your user account.
---
[SECTION: 9. Facebook Connect]
We also offer you the option of easier registration for our games and services through Facebook. You
can use your existing Facebook user account for this purpose. By clicking the “Log in with Facebook"
link, you can use this registration method via our online portal. To do this, you need to already have a
Facebook account or have access to Facebook.
If you would like to register for one of our services using your Facebook account, the first step in the
registration process will immediately redirect you to Facebook. Facebook will then ask you to log in or
to register. Under no circumstances will we receive your personal access data (user name and
password).
In a second step, you will connect your Facebook profile with the service for which you would like to
register. At this point, you will be told which data from your Facebook profile will be transmitted to us.
This information is usually your "public information" on Facebook and information which you have
made available to the public or authorized for the application in question. Information of this type
generally includes your name, profile picture and cover photo, your gender, your networks, your
username (Facebook URL), and your user ID number (Facebook ID). We will also use the email address
you have saved with Facebook in order to contact you outside of Facebook. You can see an overview
of information in your profile that is available to the public via the General Account Settings menu of
your Facebook profile (https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications).
The legal basis for data collection and storage is your consent, within the meaning of Art. 6 paragraph 1
sentence 1 letter a GDPR.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 10. Data Processing in our Games]
In our games we are able to track and evaluate various actions at the player level. This especially
includes contact data provided during registration and your actions during the games. For this purpose,
we collect your connection data, such as your IP address. We need to be able to process this
information to execute gaming operations. It is, therefore, processed on the basis of Art. 6 paragraph 1
sentence 1 letter b GDPR.
---
[SECTION: 12. Payments made through our App]
In principle, you can enjoy our games without having to provide personal contact data. If you pay for
chargeable activities in our games, your personal data will be collected by the corresponding payment
service providers listed.
All payment-relevant data, such as your contact and payment data, are initially collected and
processed by the corresponding payment provider. The legal basis for this data processing is Article
6(1)(b) GDPR.
For payments, we collect the geolocation of your IP address, which allows us to determine in which
country you are located. The legal basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c
GDPR, as the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. The legal obligation arises
from Directive 2006/112/EC (MOSS Directive).
We also receive information from payment providers related to payment fraud prevention. The legal
basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c GDPR, as the processing is
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
---
[SECTION: 13. Newsletter]
In the following section, we will inform you about our newsletter as well as other types of business
emails and electronic communications and your right to object. By subscribing to our newsletter, you
agree to receive it and you agree to the processes described below. The legal basis is your consent
pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR and Section 7 paragraph 2 no. 3 of the German
Act against Unfair Competition (UWG). We do not include the following information under the term
"advertising communication": Information about technical and organizational processes and
information relating to the provision of services to our users.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
To subscribe to our newsletter, we use the double opt-in procedure, which serves to confirm your e-
mail address. This confirmation is required so that no one can register with an e-mail address that does
not belong to them. Subscriptions to the newsletter are logged in order to be able to provide evidence
of the registration process in accordance with statutory requirements. This includes the storage of the
login itself, the time of confirmation, as well as the IP address. Any changes to your data stored with the
service provider that sends the newsletters are also logged. The processing of this data is necessary in
order to be able to prove that consent has been granted. The legal basis results from our legal
obligation to document your consent (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter c in conjunction with Art. 7 paragraph 1
GDPR).
Newsletters are sent with the help of an EU-based external service provider, whom we have engaged
for this processing activity in accordance with statutory requirements. The newsletters contain pixels
that are retrieved by the server of the service provider that sends the newsletter as soon as the
newsletter is opened. Within the scope of this retrieval, some information such us your IP address and
time of retrieval are collected. This information is used for technical improvement or to analyze the
target groups and their reading behavior on the basis of their retrieval locations (which can be
determined using the IP address) or access times. The statistical data collection also includes
determining if and when the newsletters are opened and which links are clicked and when they are
clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients.
These analyses are primarily intended to help us to identify the reading habits of our users and to adapt
our content to them or to send different content based on user interests. The personalized analysis is
performed with your consent, which we obtain when collecting your email address. The legal basis is
Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the
future. You can do so easily by using the link at the bottom of each of our communications or by using
our support form. Unfortunately, you cannot request separate cancellations for the service provider
that sends the newsletter or for the statistical analysis. If you wish to cancel, you must cancel the entire
subscription.
---
[SECTION: 14. Use of email address]
We can use the email address you provide during registration or payment to keep you informed about
similar products and services that we offer. This serves our legitimate interest in contacting existing
customers for the purpose of direct marketing. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction
with. § Section 7 (3) Act Against Unfair Competition. You can revoke your permission at any time
without incurring any costs other than transaction costs according to the basic rates. To do this, you
can unsubscribe by clicking the link contained in every email.
---
[SECTION: 15. Surveys]
We conduct occasional customer satisfaction surveys for our games. For this purpose, we collect and
process your contact data as provided in the surveys.
The legal basis for the use of this information is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1
sentence 1 letter a GDPR. Your participation in the survey is voluntary. Your consent to its use may be
revoked at any time.
We use the services of SurveyMonkey Inc (San Mateo, One Curiosity Way, San Mateo, California
94403, "SurveyMonkey”) to conduct the surveys. SurveyMonkey collects additional information from
participants in the form of cookies, which are only intended to ensure that the survey service is fully
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
usable and that the surveys run as intended.
The legal basis for processing this additional information is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR.
If you do not participate in our survey, no personal information will be collected.
---
[SECTION: 16. Processing App Log Files]
If you use our services, general information (that is not used on a individual basis) is initially stored
automatically, i.e. not through registration. For example, our web servers normally store the following
information: IP, Device ID, Device Type, OS, time of the server request.
The processing is carried out for the purposes of our legitimate interests, the legal basis of which is
Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. This processing is used for technical administration and the
security within the app.
---
[SECTION: 17. Bugsnag]
We use the service Bugsnag of Bugsnag Inc. (USA) in some of our games. This service enables us to
quickly identify errors in our games that have caused a malfunction or crash and thus improve our
service. If an error occurs, the player ID, the player name and, if applicable, details of the page or the
app where the error occurred and the data built into them are transmitted to Bugsnag for error
evaluation. You can find more information in Bugsnag's privacy
policy: https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU
standard contractual clauses. The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR, as
the service serves our legitimate interest to solve technical errors in a targeted manner. The
transmission of the above mentioned information to Bugsnag is technically necessary. Objections
against this processing will be handled by our support: https://support.goodgamestudios.com/
---
[SECTION: 18. Combating Fraud]
We process pseudonymous information, such as the IP address or device ID, for the analysis of signals
in order to identify fraud by third parties in the context of customer acquisition. To accomplish this, we
are supported by external service providers whom we have ensured are committed to the same
statutory requirements. The legal basis of Art. 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter f GDPR. This
processing helps the organizational security of the app.
---
[SECTION: 19. Facebook SDK]
We use Facebook's Software Development Kit (SDK) within our app. The Facebook SDK is issued and
administered by Facebook. By means of this integration, we can link various Facebook services with
our app. For example, this enables users to be able to use the Facebook SDK to share content from our
apps within their Facebook timeline or to send messages to other Facebook users. Further information
about the Facebook SDK within iOS can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios. For
Android, please refer to: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/android.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Facebook App Events: We use the Facebook App Events service though the Facebook SDK to track
the reach of our advertising campaigns and the use of the Facebook SDK. Facebook merely provides
us with an aggregated analysis of user behavior with our app. We have no influence beyond that on the
information that will be processed through App Events by Facebook. The legal basis for this processing
is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. In our app settings, you can opt out of using App Events
for these purposes.
---
[SECTION: 20. Information about our Facebook Page]
When you visit our Facebook Pages, which we use to represent our company or individual products or
services, some of your personal data will be processed. The sole controller responsible for the
processing of personal data is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal
Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland, “Facebook”). Further information about the processing of personal data by
Facebook can be found at https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.
Processing of Page Insights
Facebook provides us with anonymized statistics and insights for our Facebook page, which help us to
understand the types of actions that people take on our Page (so-called “Page Insights"). These Page
Insights are created based on specific information about individuals who have visited our Page. This
processing of personal data is carried out by Facebook and by us as joint controllers. The processing
serves our legitimate interest to evaluate the types of actions being taken on our Page and to improve
our Page based on these findings. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f
GDPR. We are in no case able to assign the information obtained via Page Insights to a specific
Facebook profile using the “Like” data for our Page.
We have reached an agreement with Facebook to share joint responsibility for the processing, in which
the division of data protection obligations between ourselves and Facebook is set out. Details about
the processing of personal data for creating Page Insights and the agreement entered into between
ourselves and Facebook can be found
at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data.
Processing of data that is provided to us via our Facebook pages
We also process data that you make available to us via our Facebook Pages. Such information might
be your Facebook user name, your player name in one of our games, contact details or a
communication to us. We only process this personal data if we have previously expressly asked you to
share this data with us, for example as part of a survey or a competition. This processing will be done
by us as the sole data controller.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Personal data that we have collected through surveys will be processed in anonymized form, to ensure
that customers are happy with our offers. This processing serves our legitimate interest of continuously
improving our offers, and the legal basis therefor is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.
---
[SECTION: 21. Google Marketing Services]
On our app we use the marketing and re-marketing services of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google”). These services allow us to display advertisements in a
more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users. Through remarketing ads
and products are displayed to users relating to an interest established by activity on other apps within
the Google Network. For these purposes, a code is used by Google when our app is accessed and
what are referred to as (re)marketing tags are incorporated into the app. With their help, an individual
cookie, i.e. a small file, is stored on the user's device (comparable technologies may also be used
instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net,
invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file records
which apps users have visited, which content they are interested in and which offers have been used.
In addition, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring apps, the length of
the visit as well as any additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored.
The IP address of users is also recorded, although we would like inform you that within the framework
of Google Analytics, IP addresses within Member States of the European Union or in other contracting
states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area are truncated.
All user data will only be processed as pseudonymous data. Google does not store any names or e-
mail addresses. All displayed ads are therefore not displayed specifically for a person, but for the
owner of the cookie. This information is collected by Google and transmitted to and stored by servers
in the USA.
One of the Google marketing services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords. In
the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie. Cookies
can therefore not be tracked through the apps of AdWords customers. The information collected by
the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for
conversion tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and
were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any
information that personally identifies users.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 22. Google SDK (Firebase Analytics)]
We use the developer platform called “Google Firebase” as well as the associated functions and
services of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; "Google"). Google
Firebase is a platform for developing apps for mobile devices and websites. Google Firebase offers a
variety of features, which are can be found on the following summary
page: https://firebase.google.com/products/ The functions include the storage of apps, including
users' personal data, such as content they have created or information regarding their interaction with
the apps. Google Firebase also offers interfaces that allow interaction between the users of the app
and other services. The analysis of user interactions is carried out using the analysis service of
Firebase Analytics. This service helps us to record our users' interactions. Events such as the first time
an app is opened, the uninstalling of an app, updates, crashes or the frequency of use of the app are
recorded. Certain user interests are also recorded and evaluated. The information processed by
Google Firebase may be used with other Google services, such as Google Analytics and Google
marketing services. In this case, only pseudonymous information, such as the Android Advertising ID
or the Advertising Identifier for iOS, will be processed to identify users' mobile devices. Additional
information on the use of data for marketing purposes by Google can be found on the summary
page: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads, Google's privacy policy is available
at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy. The legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1
letter f GDPR. If users wish to object to interest-based advertising through Google marketing services,
they can use the settings and opt-out options provided by
Google: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
---
[SECTION: 23. AppsFlyer SDK]
Our app is analyzed with technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. (111 New Montgomery Street, San
Francisco, California 94105). Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for
this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our games and to
optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in
personalized form, but under a pseudonym. For more information on data processing by AppsFlyer,
please refer to the privacy policy of the provider: https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/. Appsflyer
is used by various advertising partners such as Jampp Limited (CanalotStudios, 222 Kensal Road,
London, United Kingdom). Their privacy policy can be found at https://jampp.com/privacy.html. The
legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to be tracked by
AppsFlyer in the future, you can opt out at any time here: https://www.appsflyer.com/optout.
---
[SECTION: 24. Microsoft Bing Ads]
We use the conversion and tracking tool Bing Ads from Microsoft Corporation (One Microsoft Way,
Redmond, WA 98052-6399, “Microsoft”) as part of our app. Microsoft stores a cookie on the user's
device to enable an analysis of the use of our online services. The prerequisite for this is that the user
has accessed our app through an ad from Microsoft Bing Ads. This enables Microsoft and us to know
that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online services and has reached a
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
predetermined target page. We only see the total number of users who clicked on a Bing ad and were
then forwarded to the target page (conversions). No IP addresses are stored. No other personal
information about the identity of the user is disclosed. Users can find further information on data
protection and the cookies used at Microsoft Bing ads in Microsoft's privacy
statement: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement. The legal basis for the use of this
service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to participate in the Bing Ads
tracking process, you can communicate your objection to Microsoft
here: http://choice.microsoft.com/de-DE/opt-out.
---
[SECTION: 25. Taboola]
Use of technologies belonging to Taboola Inc. (Taboola Inc., Atrium Tower, 2 Jabotinsky St., 32nd fl.,
Ramat Gan 5250501 Tel Aviv) allows us to utilize user-specific advertising based on surfing behavior
and customer interests. Taboola uses cookies (or similar technologies) to determine which websites
you visit frequently and record your movements on our website. Taboola gathers device-related data
and protocol data and creates usage profiles using pseudonyms. The usage profiles are not merged
with the data about the bearer of the pseudonym and do not allow conclusions to be drawn on
personal data. To do this, we communicate your IP address to Taboola. This processing is carried on
the legal basis of our legitimate economic interest (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.) You can object to
inclusion in the tracking via the following link: https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy#user-choices-
and-optout. Once you have successfully opted out, you will no longer see personalized
content/adverts.
---
[SECTION: 26. Pinterest]
We use advertising services provided by the social network Pinterest, which is operated by Pinterest
Europe Ltd., Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the site to book
advertising space on pins within Pinterest. If you land on one of our offers via a pin we have booked,
this information will be processed by Pinterest and communicated to us as statistics (conversion). This
allows us to find out, for instance, how many users have clicked on our pins. We obtain no information
that allows users to be personally identified. Furthermore, we analyze whether a user then goes on to
download our app. Insofar as personal data is processed, this is carried out on the legal basis of article
6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to inclusion in the tracking via the following
link: https://help.pinterest.com/de/articles/personalization-and-data
---
[SECTION: 27. Advertising in apps]
Our apps allow you to view video sequences from third-party providers funded through advertising.
This allows paid content, for example, to be used free of charge. Viewing the videos is voluntary, and
must be actively confirmed by you, the user.
The advertising displayed through our partners is either personalized or non-personalized (context-
related). The data you provide when using advertising media is collected and analyzed, which will be
explained in more detail below. Our SDK service providers Fyber (Fyber N.V., Johannisstraße 20, 10117
Berlin) and Admob by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland; "Google")
allow us to put this type of ad monetization into practice. If a player decides to watch a video ad, the
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
service providers take over control of the in-game advertising networks. This involves the following
parameters being shared via an interface with the advertising networks: Advertising ID, IP address,
browser, operating system, version, country, city, placement ID and bundle ID. The aim of this
transmission of information is to display the best possible advertising material for the user. The SDKs
for the advertising networks mentioned may possibly also process personal data, such as advertising
ID and IP address, in order to be able to provide that advertising material.
Fyber also operates its own advertising networks (Fyber Marketplace and Heyzap Ad Network), which
are used to display both personalized and context-related advertising. Fyber only uses information
from the app's general access permissions for this purpose. This data is processed on our behalf.
Further information about Fyber's data processing can be found here: https://www.fyber.com/gdpr-
faqs/.
---
[SECTION: 29. Your Additional Rights]
•
You have the right, in accordance with Article 20 GDPR, to receive the personal data concerning you
that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to
transmit this data to another controller.
---
[SECTION: 33. California Residents Privacy Statement]
If you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise different / additional rights granted by
California law in relation to the Personal Data / Personal Information about you that we have collected
(subject to certain limitations). Click here for the CA Residents Privacy Statement To exercise these
rights, to opt-out, or for any inquiries regarding how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process
personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the
scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) please contact us via our support
form or send an email to ccpa_requests [at] goodgamestudios [dot] com.