Introduction
Cricket Line Guru ("CLG app" or "Cricket Line Guru app" or "Clg" or "CLG") is a mobile and web
application developed by Cricket Line Guru ("Company" or "CLG" or "We") is committed to serve you in
most efficient manner. However, while serving you all, we ensure to consider your privacy utmost
important and keep the same fully protected and safe. In order to ensure that We deliver our
commitment, keep transparent processes to deal with and about the data we collect from our User(s)
and how it is used and, we further ensure that it is never shared with any third parties with or without our
conscious efforts.

---

[User(s) are requested to refer/rely upon the definition clause incorporated in the another document
named as 'Terms of Use' available in Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) in reference to all or
any terms which are not defined hereinafter] (i) "User ID": It is an identification code which is assigned
with a unique, random number as a user identification to each individual User(s) through its
computer/mobile devices by way of using "cookies", or similar other electronic tools in order to improve
the responsiveness for our User(s) and their individual interests may be identified.

---

The SPI Rules further define "sensitive personal data or information" (hereinafter referred to as the
"SPDI") of a person to mean Personal Information about that person relating to:
(i) passwords;
(ii) financial information such as bank accounts, credit and debit card details or other payment
instrument details;
(iii) physical, physiological and mental health condition;
(iv) name, age, address, e-mail, phone number, date of birth, sexual orientation;
(v) medical records and history;
(vi) biometric information;
(vii) information received by body corporate under lawful contract or otherwise;
(viii) visitor details as provided at the time of registration or thereafter; and
(ix) call data records.

---

The information about the Users, as collected by us from the Company's Website(s)/Mobile
Application(s), is given as below:
a) information supplied by the users and
b) information automatically tracked while navigation (Information).

---

By accessing/using Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) and/or its services by the User(s),
he/she voluntarily and unconditionally gives his/her consent to collection, storage, and/or use of the
Personal Information provided by him/her, including any other changes thereto as provided by him/her at
any later stage, for availing any kind of the services that We offer.

---

To avail certain services on Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s), the User(s) may be required to
provide certain information for the registration process that may include but not limited to :-
a) your name,
b) email address,
c) sex,
d) age,
e) PIN code,
f) credit card or debit card details,
g) medical records and history,
h) sexual orientation,
i) biometric information,
j) password etc., and/or your occupation, interests, and the like.

---

The information as supplied by the User(s) enables us to improve the Company's Website(s)/Mobile
Application(s) and provide back to the User(s) the most user-friendly experience.
All required information is service dependent and Clg may use the above said User(s) information to
maintain, protect, and improve our services (including advertising services) and, also for developing and
providing other new services for our User(s).

---

The primary reason for gathering information is to improve our products, deals, services, website
content and navigation.

---

We have implemented stringent, internationally acceptable standards of technology, managerial security,
technical security, operational security and physical security in order to protect your personally
identifiable information from loss, misuse, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We have been assured by
the third party cloud service providers (such as Google Cloud Services, Amazon Web Services and
GoDaddy) that the data collected by us are managed and stored firmly and securely as per the globally
accepted best practices.

---

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized
alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection,
storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical
security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.

---

All information gathered on the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) is securely stored and
managed by us on a third party cloud service provider's server as mentioned earlier.

---

However, the internet is an ever evolving medium. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time
to incorporate in lieu of necessary future changes and/or to comply with amendment in the existing
laws, including but not limited to cover other technical upgradation (if any) that may come from time to
time. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under
which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be, provided that the same
is not also contrary to the existing laws at the relevant time in future.

---

COOKIES
To improve the responsiveness for our User(s), we may use "cookies", or similar other electronic tools to
collect information in order to assign each user a unique, random number as a user identification ("User
ID") to understand each and every user's individual interests using their identified computer/mobile
devices. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way
of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer/mobile devices. A cookie also
cannot read data off your hard drive. The Android and iOS applications do not use "cookies" explicitly.
However, the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) may use third party code and libraries that
use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. User(s) have the option to either accept
or refuse these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your device. However, in case the
User(s) choose to refuse our cookies, he/she may not be able to use some/complete portions of our
services. Advertisers using the platform of the Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s) to advertise
may also assign and use their own cookies to your browser, a process that we do not control. Once the
User(s) permit, We may obtain additional information such as list of apps installed on your device, device
information, location, network carrier ("Information") available on your device, to personalize your
experience and improve the app suggestions. This data may also be used at our end to take necessary
business decisions.

---

Log File Information: It is necessary to inform and clarify our User(s) that:
(i) We automatically collect limited information about your computer's or mobile's connection to the
internet, mobile number/email address (if applicable), including your IP address, when you visit the
Company's Website(s)/Mobile Application(s).
(ii) Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you
data - such as the pages you view.
(iii) We automatically receive and log information from your browser, including your IP address, your
computer's name, your operating system, browser type and version.

---

INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
(i) We may receive information about you from other sources, add it to our account information and treat
it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
(ii) If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner, whom we provide/receive services
from, your account information and order information may be passed on to us.
(iii) We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and
fulfill the services or to communicate with you.

---

DEMOGRAPHIC AND PURCHASE INFORMATION
(i) We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with
more targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among others, to track the
User(s) behavior on our Website(s)/Mobile Application(s).
(ii) Google Analytics specifically has been enabled to support display advertising helping us to gain
understanding of our User(s); Demographics and Interests.

---

Our Policies Concerning Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow
such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not send any information about
yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age
of 16 may provide any personal data. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data
from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we
might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us