AppManage Group #1, LLC (“Company“, “we”, “our” or “us”), acting under the Google Play and Apple
App Store alias SimpleInnovation, understands the importance of protecting your privacy. This Privacy
Policy explains what information of yours will be collected when you download, install, register with,
access, or use this mobile application (the “App”), and how such information will be used and shared. It
also explains choices you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information.

---

This policy applies only to information we collect in our App and in e-mail, text and other electronic
communications sent through or in connection with our App. This policy DOES NOT apply to information
collected in other apps or websites (including third-party websites you may access through the App), or
information collected by any third party. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which
we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.

---

Should you not wish to have your information gathered or used as described in this policy, you may
uninstall the App from the device(s) on which you have downloaded it.

---

The information we collect, how we use it, and
the limited ways in which we share it

---

User Data

---

When you use the App, you have the option of providing us with any of the following information, which
we refer to as your “User Data":

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

• Your first name or preferred means of address;
• Your email address;
• Menstrual cycle and period dates and length;
• Symptoms and moods experienced day-to-day;
• Sexual activity;
• Contraceptive methods and dates;
• Medicines taken;
• Temperature measurements;
• Weight measurements;
• Personal notes, which could, depending on what was entered, contain information which could on its
own or together with other information, be used to personally identify you (“Personally Identifiable
Information” or “PII”).

---

By default, your User Data will only be stored locally on the device from which you access the App. We
cannot access your User Data if it is only stored on your device. If you so choose, you may elect to have
up back-up your User Data, in which case we will upload it to Google Cloud. The Data Processing and
Security Terms for Google Cloud may be reviewed at https://cloud.google.com/terms/data-processing-
terms.

---

Your User Data is encrypted when stored in the cloud, and a limited number of our employees are the
only individuals who may access it. If you elect to store your User Data in the cloud, we will ask you to
provide a password to prevent unauthorized access to your User Data, and your email address so that
you may reset your password if you forget it. If you choose to provide one, your name or preferred
means of address will only be used to give you a more personalized experience in-App, enabling the
App to refer to you by that name or other means of address. Other than these limited uses, we do not
use the User Data you provide, and it is only provided to facilitate your own use of the App.

---

Voluntary Application Feedback

---

You may provide us with feedback regarding the App, either via reviews and rating in the app store, or
via email. App Store reviews and ratings are posted in a public forum on app stores, we and the public
can see them. We take your feedback seriously, and often implement or incorporate user feedback.
Email feedback is managed by our support staff, and neither your email nor your feedback is shared with
third parties.

---

Analytics Data

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Anonymous data, which we refer to as “Analytics Data,” regarding your use of our App is tracked and
transmitted to us by our Apps themselves. Analytics Data consists of:
• A device identifier enabling other issues on the same device to be located;
•
Crash logs, enabling application failures to be investigated; and
• App interaction signals and event data, typically indicating when an application feature has been
used in a certain way.

---

We use Analytics Data to fix and improve the App and evaluate features, including if and when users
use different features, and how quickly new features are found. Analytics Data is anonymized, meaning
it cannot be traced back to you. We process Analytics Data using Google Analytics, Firebase, and
Microsoft App Center, but do not otherwise share it.

---

Advertising Data

---

Like many apps, our App is in part supported by advertising. Unless you opt-out, discussed more below,
we may serve ads to you by transmitting to our select advertising partners a standard advertising
identifier (an “Advertiser ID”) that we collect from your device. Advertising IDs are standard across the
mobile advertising industry and are used to identify a particular device for advertising purposes.
Advertising IDs are random identifiers that are generated by and tied to your mobile device. An example
from a Google Android device looks like this: cdda802e-fb9c-46af-9846-0233d394c712.

---

Advertising IDs are typically generated once per device, so your device would always be associated with
the same Advertising ID. Advertising IDs don't contain any Personal Information in and of themselves.
However, because they are typically static, a device will maintain the same Advertising ID over time, it is
possible for third parties to use an Advertising ID in conjunction with location data they could collect
from your device or from other apps you use, and other apps known to be associated with your device's
Advertising ID, to create inferences about you. Both Apple's iOS or Google's Android operating system
provide a mechanism for users to reset or disable their device's Advertising ID. If you elect to disable
your Advertising ID, we respect that choice and will not send your device's Advertising ID to our
advertising partners.

---

Purchase Data

---

When you purchase a subscription or other in-app item from the Apple App Store or Google Play store,
that transaction is processed by the relevant app store, and not by our Company. We have no access to
your payment instruments and can see only the very limited view of the transaction shared with us by
the app store. The limited data we receive consists of an order ID generated by the app store, price
information, the date and time of the purchase, and may in some cases contain your ZIP code of the

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

purchaser. This limited purchase data is only used by our support staff to request refunds for you when
appropriate, and is not shared with any third party.

---

If you request a refund for a subscription or in-app purchase made through the Apple App Store, Apple
may ask us to provide information about your usage of the service (for example, duration of access,
frequency of use, or amount of content consumed). This information is shared with Apple only for the
purpose of processing refund requests and in accordance with Apple's policies. By using our app, you
agree that we may share such usage information with Apple in these cases.The uses above enumerate
the limited ways in which we use the information provided by or collected from you and your mobile
device when you use our App. If we are required to, we may also use your Personal Information to
respond to a valid and enforceable court order, law, or legal process.

---

Third party services we use

---

As mentioned, we may provide the Advertising ID associated with your the Apple or Android mobile
device to the third-party ad servers or ad networks listed below (“Advertisers”). While we do not share
any other data with your Advertising ID, it is possible for Advertisers to independently collect
information about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online
services websites by tracking your Advertising ID elsewhere. Advertisers may use this information
(including the information we provide to them) to provide interest-based (behavioral) advertising or
other targeted content to your mobile device.

---

The App includes the use of the following services.
Service
Contractual
partner
Services
Privacy Policy
Google
Google LLC,
USA
• Google
Analytics
• Google
Analytics for
Firebase
• Google Tag
GA -
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-
sites
Firebase –
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Manager
• Google
AdMob
Amazon
A9.com, Inc.,
USA and
Amazon
Europe Core
S.a r.l.,
Luxembourg
and Affiliates
Amazon APS https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Facebook, Inc.
USA and
Facebook
Ireland Limited
Facebook
Audience
Network
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update/
AppLovin
Applovin
Corporation
Measurement /
personalization https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
of ads
Fyber
(acquired by
Fyber
Digital
Turbine, Inc.)
Measurement/
personalization https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
of ads
InMobi
InMobi (f/k/a
mKhoj)
Measurement /
personalization https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
of ads
IronSource
ironSource Ltd.
Measurement/
personalization https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
of ads
Unity Software
Unity
Inc. (d/b/a
Unity
Technologies)
Measurement /
personalization https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy/
of ads
Vungle
Vungle, Inc.
Measurement /
personalization https://vungle.com/privacy/
of ads
Pangle
Pangle
Measurement /
personalization
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

of ads
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer Ltd.
Measurement /
personalization https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy
of ads
Measurements
RevenueCat,
RevenueCat
Inc.
/ purchase
analytics
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/

---

We do not control all of the Advertisers' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any
questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should consult the respective privacy
policies of the Advertisers. This Company privacy policy does not apply to the Advertisers further
mentioned. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising, see Choices
About Your Information below.

---

Choices about your information

---

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the information you provide to us. This section describes
mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your information.

---

•
Other Tracking Technologies. Depending on your device, you may be able to adjust the settings of
your device to disable or refuse app cookies and/or other tracking technologies. Please note that
we do not access your device's do-not-track settings, and we therefore do not respond to such
settings. Third party advertisers, ad networks, and ad servers that display ads in our App may,

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

however, access and respond to your device's and browsers' do-not-track signals; if you would like
to know how a third party advertiser responds to do-not-track signals sent by your device or
browser, please consult their privacy policy.

---

• Targeted Advertising by Third Parties. We do not control third parties' collection or use of your
information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with
ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. In general, to find out
more about how to opt out of receiving targeted ads from a particular advertiser click on the
AdChoices icon or link (or similar icon or link) appearing in or near the ad. You can also opt out of
receiving targeted ads from members of certain ad networks as follows:
If the Advertiser is a member of or advertises
through:
To Opt Out
Digital Advertising Alliance
Install and use the AppChoices App
European Interactive Digital Advertising
Alliance
Opt out at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Google Ads
Learn how to opt out at Google Ads Help - Opt
Out.

---

You can stop all collection of information by the App by uninstalling the App. You may use the standard
uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the App's marketplace or
network.

---

Your California Privacy Rights

---

•
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12-month period prior to your request:
o The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources
from which we collected the Personal Information;
o The business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information about you;
o The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you, and
the categories of Personal Information disclosed;
o The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;

---

• Delete the Personal Information we collected from you; and

---

• Correct Personal Information we collected from you.

---

Under California law, you also have a right to know that, as described in The Information We Collect,
How We Use It, And The Limited Ways In Which We Share It section above:
• In the last 12-month we have collected the following categories of Personal Information:
o Personal unique identifiers, when you provide us with a name or other preferred means of
address;
o Personal information, when you provide us with an email address, if we receive a zip code
from an app store, or if you upload personal health information such as information about
your cycle or sexual activity; and
o Biometric information, when you provide us with information about medicines taken,
temperatures, or measurements;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Data subjects in the EU

---

To contact our Data Protection Officer, you may send an email to feedback@period-tracker.com with the
subject ATTN: DPO. Through the use of SDKs, we allow our advertising partners in the US to collect
non-Pll data, which they store and use to provide us with more relevant advertising. The legal basis of
the processing of this information is Art. 6 para 1 lit a) GDPR, your consent. You may withdraw your
consent at any given time with future effect by following the withdrawal mechanisms described in the
Privacy Policies of our partners, the Opt-Out procedures provided by the DAA, EIDAA and Google Adds
described above, modifying the Settings in the App(s) you use, or by uninstalling the app. When you ask
us to store a backup of your User Data with Google Cloud, the legal basis for our doing so is Art 6 para
1 lit b) GDPR, the performance of the agreement formed between you and us when you asked us to
send your User Data to Google Cloud. You are not obliged to provide your information to us, neither by
operation of law nor contract. If you do not provide consent to us, we will not be able to personalize your
ads or measure your use of our services. You have the right to request access to and rectification or
erasure of personal data and restriction of processing as well as a right to data portability and you may
always lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.