I. What Information We Collect, and How We Use It
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways that are related to an
identified or identifiable natural person, excluding anonymized information. Sensitive personal information refers to
information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, could endanger personal or property safety, or easily lead to
damages to personal reputation or mental and physical health, or lead to discriminatory treatment. Sensitive personal
information includes but is not limited to ID numbers, personal biometric information, bank account numbers, property
information, whereabouts, transaction information, and the personal information of children aged 14 or below.
Please note that sensitive personal information will be bolded to remind you to pay special attention to it. Your
sensitive personal information will be collected only for specific purposes and when it is sufficiently necessary. We are
committed to taking strict measures to protect your sensitive personal information. We will obtain your individual
consent, through pop-ups or other ways, before collecting any sensitive personal information from you. Your written
consent will be obtained if it is required by law or administrative regulations. Before giving your consent, please ensure
that you have carefully considered and confirmed that such consent is appropriate.
(i) Collection and Processing of Your Personal Information for Basic Services of Dreamehome

---
Personal information is collected for the purpose of providing you with products and/or services. We promise to comply
with the relevant applicable laws, regulations and other regulatory documents. In the following cases, you need to give
consent to provide the following categories of information, such that we can safely and effectively implement the basic
functions. Otherwise, you may not be able to enjoy the corresponding products and services.

---
1. Signup and Login on Dreamehome
When you want to sign up or log in to Dreamehome, you are required to provide us with your cell phone number to
help complete the signup or login process. The collection of such information is to meet the requirements of network real
name systems specified by relevant laws and regulations. If you refuse to provide your cell phone number for
verification, your signup/login may fail and you will be unable to enjoy the services provided by Dreamehome. Your
WeChat account information, Google account information, Facebook account information, Apple account
information will be collected if you log in with WeChat, Google, Facebook, Apple account, etc.. We will also collect
your application installation list information to determine whether your device supports third-party account login.

---
2. Maintenance of Dreamehome Account Information
You are free to set your avatar and nickname, change your bound phone number, and bind third-party accounts, such as
Email, WeChat account, Apple ID, Facebook account, Google account, etc., which will help us provide you with a more
personalized experience. Your access to other features of our products and/or services will not be affected if you forego
this step. When you upload/change your avatar, we may request you to enable your camera and album permissions and
collect the image information you uploaded/changed. If you refuse the above permissions, you will be unable to
personalize your avatar, but this will not affect your access to other features of our products and/or services.

---
3. Connection and Management of Smart Hardware Devices
Your login information, as well as information related to your cell phone, smart hardware device, and the connection
between the hardware device and app may be collected to provide you with Dreamehome services and enable you to
securely connect and manage your smart hardware device. This information will be used to provide you with quick smart
hardware device connection, as well as device connection and management functions. In the process of connecting
devices, we need to enable your mobile phone's Bluetooth permission and WLAN permission for device
communication and your mobile phone location permission to scan nearby devices and obtain the WiFi information
currently connected to your mobile phone. If you refuse to enable those permissions, you will not be able to bind your
device in Dreamhome. The above collected information is listed in detail as follows:
Account information: ID, nickname and avatar of your Dreamehome account.
Information related to cell phone: Device identification information (IMEI/OAID/MEID/MAC/Android
ID/IDFA/OPENUID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information, etc.), model, system version, system language, country or
region set in your phone, and device display information.
Information related to smart hardware device: Name, model, version, manufacturer, device identifier, MAC address, IP
address, and device running status of smart hardware device.
Information related to device connection: To help you connect your device, we will collect your Wi-Fi information,
including the name and mode (LAN mode, remote mode) of the Wi-Fi being connected to by your device, the IP address
assigned, the received signal strength indicator (RSSI), the MAC address, and the Wi-Fi password, MAC address of your
device, and device ID that you actively provided; your Bluetooth information, including device Bluetooth name, device
Bluetooth MAC address, mobile phone Bluetooth name, mobile phone Bluetooth MAC address.

---
4. Updates to Dreamehome App and Smart Hardware Device
We may use the version information of your Dreamehome app and phone model to provide you with updates to the
Dreamehome app, so that you can continue to enjoy the latest Dreamehome services. We may also collect the list and
version information of the connected smart hardware device to provide you with updates to your smart hardware device,
to ensure that you can use the service provided in the latest version (including the firmware version). Dreamehome only
provides the update path for the smart hardware device. The firmware version is provided by the manufacturer of the
smart hardware device, and the manufacturer shall be responsible for the version quality and update results.
If you fail to provide this information, you will not be able to update to the new versions of the Dreamehome app and
smart hardware device firmware.

---
(ii) Collection and Processing of Your Personal Information for Additional Functions of
Dreamehome
In addition to the basic services of Dreamehome, we may also collect and use your personal information in the following
additional functions. If you fail to provide such information, you may still use the basic services of Dreamehome, but it
may be impossible for you to use the additional functions that could be convenient for you. The additional functions
include:

---
1. Device Sharing
When you use the device sharing feature to share your device with a friend, we may collect your friend's Dreamehome
account information and information about the device you are sharing. Please note that when you use the device sharing
feature, the shared user may also view your device information in their app interface at any time. To protect the security
of your personal information, some personal information involved in certain devices may not be shared, depending on
the device you are sharing.

---
2. Online Feedback
We provide you with an online feedback channel to help you effectively solve any potential problems you might have
with your Dreamehome app and smart hardware device. To this end, we need to collect the following information from
you: Log information of Dreamehome app and device, your contact information, problem description, and pictures and
videos about the problem. When you upload pictures and videos about the problem, we may access your camera and
album permissions. When you need to use the clipboard content to describe the problem, we will access your clipboard
content. App and device log information may include device status, information sensed by sensor devices, device
operation logs, device identifiers, etc. The purpose of collecting such information is to analyze and locate the cause of the
problem. The purpose of collecting your contact information is to follow up and check if the problem is fully resolved or
to contact you to supplement additional information as necessary.

---
3. Marketing Information Displaying and Pushing
We may provide or promote marketing information for our products and service on the app launch page, homepage, or
pop-up ads (which you can close with one click), send or display relevant messages to your app. After obtaining your
authorization, we may send marketing messages to you via SMS, phone, and/or email using the contact information
provided by you, such as phone number and email. You may choose to refuse such marketing messages at any time.

---
4. User Experience Program
In order to enhance the operational experience, operational performance, and functional design of our products, and
provide better products and services to users, we invite you to participate in our User Experience Program. You agree
that when you join the User Experience Program, you have carefully read and fully agreed to this program. When you
participate in our User Experience Program, we may collect your device information; relevant log information after the
device turns abnormal; relevant data of negative events such as device collision. We collect such information to help us
improve our products and services and provide you with a better user experience. If you do not provide the above
information, it will not affect your use of the product, but it may affect your user experience. You understand and agree
that when you join this program, your above information will be transmitted to our R&D center in China for processing.
We will store your personal data in accordance with applicable laws or regulations and keep it for as long as it is
necessary to meet the purpose of personal data collection. We promise to use the data provided by you in strict
accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, and take strict protective measures to ensure the security of
your data. You can join or withdraw from the User Experience Program at any time through "Me" - "Settings" - "About"
"User Experience Program".

---
(iii) Obtaining Your Personal Information from Third Parties
We may obtain your personal information from third parties in some cases where permitted by law. For example:

---
1. In the management of third party smart hardware devices, we will cooperate with third party service providers subject
to your authorization, which involves us obtaining your personal information from the third party service providers. In
the management of third party devices, we will obtain the following personal information about you under the condition
that you have linked to a third party account:
Information of the third party account, including the account ID, nickname and avatar, depending on the scope of your
authorization.
Device and network information, including device identifier, MAC address, and device serial number, used to identify
the device currently in operation and security control of the device.
If our processing of your personal information required in the course of our business is beyond the scope of the consent
you originally authorized when you provided your personal information to a third party service provider, we will obtain
your express consent before processing such personal information. In addition, we will strictly comply with relevant laws
and regulations and require third party service providers to guarantee the legality of the information they provide.

---
(iv) Non-personal Information
We may also collect other information that could not identify a specific individual (i.e., non-personal information), for
example, statistical data generated when you use a specific service, such as user actions (including clicks, page
redirection, browsing time). The purpose of collecting such information is to improve the service we provide to you. The
type and amount of information collected depends on how you use our products and/or services. Such information will
be aggregated to help us provide more useful information to our customers and learn about which parts of our website,
products and services are of most interest to them, so that our service interface can be optimized. Aggregated data is
considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. If non-personal information is used in
combination with personal information, such information will be treated as personal information during the period of
combined use.

---
(v) System Permissions Description
For the purpose of product function implementation and safe and stable operation, we may request or use relevant system
permissions, such as camera, album and location permissions. Please be assured that these permissions will not be
enabled by default, and we will only request the relevant permissions from you and obtain the corresponding information
(if involved) when you trigger the relevant business function. The permissions we request are only necessary to
implement specific features, and you may revoke authorization of system permissions at any time. If you refuse or
revoke your authorization of system permissions, you will not be able to use the corresponding features, but this will not
affect your normal use of other features.

---
II. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may store small data files called cookies on your device to ensure the proper functioning of Dreamehome. Cookies
usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Dreamehome can use cookies to store your
login account, preferences and other data to simplify steps for your repetitive operations (such as signup and login) and
provide you with services that are more suitable for your personal needs.
We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those specified in this declaration. You may manage or delete cookies
according to your preferences. If you do so, however, in some cases this may affect your safe access to Dreamehome and
you may have to change the user settings each time you access Dreamehome.

---
For the avoidance of doubt, Dreame may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent in
circumstances and to the extent expressly permitted by local data protection laws (e.g., to comply with a subpoena). We
may disclose your information without your consent in the good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect
our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to government requirements.

---
(iii) Our Protection Measures
We are committed to guaranteeing the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, disclosure
or other similar risks, we have implemented reasonable processes of physical, electronic and supervisory measures to
protect the information we collect from your products and the Dreame website. We will take all reasonable measures to
protect your personal information.
Your data will be classified according to importance and sensitivity, and your personal information will be protected with
the highest level of security. We guarantee that employees and third party service providers who access this information
to help provide products and services to you have strict contractual confidentiality obligations; otherwise, they will be

---
subject to disciplinary action or termination of cooperation. In summary, we will regularly review information collection,
retention and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent any unauthorized access and use.

---
(i) Access to Your Personal Information
Concerning personal data that we have collected and processed, you can gain the access on the Dreamehome or contact
us via privacy@dreame.tech for the access.

---
(ii) Copying Your Personal Information
Based on your requirements and locally applicable laws and regulations, we can provide a record of your personal data
we have collected and processed for free. If you make other requests for relevant information, we may charge you a
reasonable fee based on relevant applicable laws and the actual management cost.

---
(vi) Withdrawal of Consent
You can submit a request to withdraw your consent concerning the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal
information held or controlled by us. According to the specific services you use, you can withdraw your consent directly
in the Dreamehome app or contact us to carry out the relevant operations. We will process your request within a
reasonable time frame after you make it, and will no longer collect, use and/or disclose your personal information
thereafter in accordance with your request.

---
1. Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
(1) the categories of Personal Information about you that we collected;
(2) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected;
(3) the purpose for collecting Personal Information about you;

---
(4) the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you and the categories of Personal
Information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the Personal Information about you; and
(5) the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.

---
2. Request we delete Personal Information we collected from you, unless CCPA recognizes an exemption.

---
4. Have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information. Where you have consented to
Dreame's processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further
processing by contacting Dreame. In order to provide our services to you, we will ask you to provide personal
information that is necessary to provide those services to you. If you do not provide your personal information, we may
not be able to provide you with our products or services. Even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use non-personal
information regarding your use of our products.

---
IX. Updates of This Privacy Policy
Dreame reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. In case of any changes, we will inform you via
a pop-up message or other prominent means. We will only collect, use and retain your personal information in
accordance with the updated policy with your consent.