This Privacy Policy is about how Leqing Network Technology Co., Ltd. collects and uses information from
people who use our Services.The word “Services” in this Privacy Policy means our websites and mobile apps.
Leqing Network Technology Co., Ltd. is also referred to as “Baby Tiger,” “Leqing,”“we,” “us,” and “our” in
this Privacy Policy.

---
CHILDREN
Some of our Services are attractive to or intended for use by children under the age of 13, while other Services
or portions of them are intended for use by persons over the age of 13. When we collect information on our
Services or sections of our services that are child-directed, we do so following the principles of the Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
In general, we do not ask persons under the age of 13 to provide us with personally identifying information like
a name, email address, telephone number, birthdate, or address.
We understand the importance of providing greater privacy protections when it comes to children. Leqing does
not knowingly collect or use personally identifying information from users under the age of 13, except where
permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If Leqing learns that we have, without our
knowledge, collected personally identifying information from a user under the age of 13, we will notify the
child's parent if possible and/or delete all information relating to that child and cease to collect any more
personal information from that child.

---
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information That Is Collected Automatically. When our Services are used we may collect some information
automatically. This helps us analyze and optimize the performance of our Services. We do not use this
information to personally identify users. Information we collect automatically includes information such as user
device properties, IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other
device identifier (“UDID”); user device software platform and firmware; user's mobile phone carrier; user's
internet service provider; the search terms used on our website; specific web pages users visit; the duration of
use of our website; geographical data; and other non-personally identifying information as is reasonably
required to enhance our website and other Leqing products and services. This information may be collected
from all users of the Services, including children under the age of 13.

---
THIRD PARTIES THAT MAY HAVE ACCESS TO USER INFORMATION
We work with third parties to help us make our Services operate smoothly, to help us communicate with users
of our Services, to help us process and fulfill ecommerce orders, and to improve user experience. These third
parties are given access to user information only as is reasonably necessary to provide their services. Here are
some of the third parties we work with:
•
Google Analytics (website analytics service), to analyze and optimize the performance of our Services.
Here is information about Google Analytics' data security safeguards:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245

---
HOW WE USE USERS' INFORMATION
We may collect, maintain, and use a user's information for the following purposes:
• To respond to customer support inquiries.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
To analyse use of time Services to imргоvе thе user expепеnсе аnd to ensure that content is presented im
the most effective manner for user devices.
•
To ensure that our Services are safe and secure.
•
To notify users of any changes to the Services.
•
For geo-based redirection.
•
To fulfill purchases.
•
For age screening purposes.

---
Cookie
Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user's computer or device by websites they visit. Cookies are
used in order to make websites function and to improve their efficiency, as well as to provide website usage
information to the website owner.
Our website uses cookies from third parties to distinguish you from other users, maximize network resources,
manage traffic, protect our websites from malicious traffic. This helps us to provide users with a good
experience when browsing our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Users can disable some or all cookies by configuring their browser's privacy settings (please refer to your
browser's help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that disabling all cookies may cause our
Services not to function properly.
To find out more about cookies, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.

---
LOG FILES
As with most websites and services delivered via the internet, when users visit our Services, we gather certain
information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to IP addresses, system
configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences. We use this
information to provide support for the internal operations of our Services. We do not use this information to
identify or create a profile about our users.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• The right to object to or restrict collection. Users have the right to object to or restrict us from
collecting their information.

---
• The right to data portability. Users have the right to receive their personal information from us in a
structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.

---
• The right to complain to a supervisory authority. Users have the right to file a complaint with a
supervisory authority responsible for the collection of personal information if they feel we have infringed
their privacy rights.

---
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any questions about how we treat your children's
information in connection with our Services, or would like to review or have deleted you or your child's
personal information, or if you would like to withdraw consent for the further collection and use of you or your
child's personal information or restrict us from disclosing such information to third parties, please contact us
at support@babytiger.tv.