This Privacy Policy describes how we(Fillog Studio, Shenzhen Chai Lai Techenology Co., Ltd. and so on) collect the
information when you use our applications downloaded from Google Play Store or Apple app store or other third party
app store. The Policy also explains how we use and disclose the information collected from you.

---

What Information We Will Use ?
We use the following information after your agreement to implement significant features and provide you better
experience.

---

■ Device Information.
We use device-specific information (such as your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size,
CPU model, mobile network information and installed apps) to implement app features, provide our services, and
improve the app performance for all our users.

---

■ Local File and Storage.
We use local shared objects to enhance user experience, for example, storing your city and weather data, pictures after
processing, user preferences and settings.

---

■ App Usage Data.
We use usage data includes information relating to the behavior and/or the habit when you are using the app to analyze
and improve the user experience. We do not collect the content you may transmit or share within the app.

---

■ Photo in Gallery.
We access your device gallery to implement features (such as duplicate photo remover, photo collage), but we will never
store or transfer your album photos.

---

■ Camera Access.
We only access your device camera when using app features like Flashlight or getting camera resolution.

---

■ Location Information.
When you use a location-enabled Weather app service, we may collect and process information about your actual
location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

About facial data
■ What facial data does our app collect?
Our application only collects user facial key points.

---

■ How do we use the collected facial data?
Whenever you apply an effect that involves a face manipulation we use other special face recognition technologies on the
server side in order to:
detect a face in a photo;
- find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect);
and apply the effect to your photo based on the detected key points.
In this case the key points are temporarily cached in server's RAM between processings and get removed shortly after
the last effect has been applied to the corresponding photo.

---

■ Will the data be shared with any third parties? Where will this information be stored?
We use the Replicate server to process facial data. We will save the user's facial image on our own Google server and also
upload it to the Replicate server.

---

■ How long will facial data be retained?
To be used as server cache, facial data is only retained on the server for 24 hours. Followed by a replicate privacy link,
https://replicate.com/privacy

---

How We Use the Information above?
We use the information above while you use our applications and services to provide you better features and experience
on them. We also use the data to measure the performance and improve the apps and services.

---

For some apps using account system like KeepSafe, If you want to delete your account data, you can go to step "Me
Page -> Settings(or click Setting button) -> Log out" to leave our app. Then you can contact us by email(you must provide
your Facebook email or the email you have bind to our apps, which for us to find your account), we will help you delete
your account data stored in our apps.