We encourage you to read through our Privacy Policy to understand all the aspects of how Pratilipi Comics collects and uses data
relating to users of the platform. It is our endeavour to be transparent about our practices and demonstrate the respect we have for
privacy of our users' data. If you do not agree with these practices, you are advised not to use the Pratilipi Comics app and/or website.

---

This Privacy Policy documents the use, collection and storage of information pertaining to the use of Nasadiya Technologies Pvt
Ltd's ("Company") 'Pratilipi' website (www.pratilipi.com) ("Website"), andthe Pratilipi application available on Android and iOS, the
'Pratilipi FM' and the 'Pratilipi Comics' application available on Android (together "Application") by any person
("User"/"You"/"Your").

---

What information does Company collect?
For Company to offer its Services to Users and to continuously improve the Users' experience, Company collects certain
information which constitute personally identifiable information (information which can be used to identify an individual) and non-
personally identifiable information (information which cannot directly identify an individual) (together 'User Information') as
mentioned below:
Type of
Information
Includes
Registration/Lo
g in Data
Name, Email Address/ Facebook or Google or Apple log-in
details along with profile details which are public or can be
shared as per User's privacy settings on these platforms.
Other details optionally given by the User such as gender, age,
city etc
This also applies to Users during submission of Published
Work through contests declared by the Company.
Usage Data
Inputs by Users on the Website/Application
Data regarding pages or profiles visited, time spent on a page,
navigation through the portal, location, language preference,
search actions, participation in contests, interaction with other
Users, including time and date of all such actions
Device Data
A device identifier token generated for each Android/iOS User,
the make of the phone, browser version and type, IP Address

---

Contact List/
Friends List
Where Users agree to share the phone numbers of User's
contacts to refer the Website/Application, Company collects
and uses them solely for referral and does not take any other
action with respect to such information. The referred contacts
will have an option to have their details removed from the
database by writing in to contact@pratilipi.com.
If agreed by a User, Company may collect Facebook identities
of a User's friends on Facebook when logging in through
Facebook to the Website/Application. Company may use such
information for increasing engagement between its Users on
the Website/Application.
Customer
support
Information provided during request for User support to the
Company's executives.

---

What does Company use the collected User Information for?
Company uses the User Information to:
• Enable and facilitate usage of the Website/Application including enforcing the Company's Terms of Use
• To send mandatory and opted notifications to Users
• To communicate with the User
• Improve the functioning of the Website/Application and the Services (such as introducing new features and enhancing security
measures to protect Users and Published Works)
• Improve the User experience by customisation, personalisation and optimisation
• Managing the Website/Application which includes troubleshooting, analysis, conducting surveys, understanding the nature of
Users etc
• Building communities amongst the Users

---

How is the User Information collected and what are the opt-out
options?
User Information is collected by Company primarily in the following manner:
1. User-provided Information: Details provided by a User while logging-in/registering on the Website/Application and while
providing Inputs on the Website/Application.
2. Collected through Cookies: Cookies are small files placed locally on the browser through which the Website is being accessed.
Cookies are placed by Company for various purposes as detailed below:
Type
Placed by
Mandatory Company
Analytical Third Parties
(Google, Facebook,
Amplitude)
Nature of tracking
Enable Website usage by
Users
Analytical purposes
Mapping of Users
Analytical purposes
A User may choose to opt-out of cookies on their browser.
However, this may affect the performance of the Website.
3. API Calls: API Calls consists of data generated when a User
performs an activity on the Website/Application such as
navigating to different pages, clicking on buttons, reading content
etc. This data is collected and used by Company and may be
shared with authorized third parties as described in this Privacy
Policy.

---

1. Registration: Users have the option to not register on the Website/Application if they do not want to share the mandatory
personally identifiable information required to do so. Their ability to use the Website/Application may be restricted as
reasonably determined by Company.

---

Grievance Redressal
For any grievance related to this Privacy Policy, or any other grievance in relation to the collection, usage and processing of your
personal information, you may contact Mr. Rajeev Tamhankar, Grievance Officer at: contactcomic@pratilipi.com