The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible
what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to
it. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please
discontinue use of our Services immediately.
---
Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we
do with the information that we collect.
---
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when
you register on the App, express an interest in obtaining information about us or
our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App (such as
by posting messages in our online forums or entering competitions, contests or
giveaways) or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and
features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You. We collect names; email
addresses; usernames; passwords; contact or authentication data; skin
types; skin concerns; lifestyle choices; and other similar information.
Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with the option to register with us
using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, Twitter or
other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the
information described in the section called "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL
LOGINS?" below.
---
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or
browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit
our App.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate
the App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or
contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your
IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language
preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about
how and when you use our App and other technical information. This information
is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and for our
internal analytics and reporting purposes.
---
The information we collect includes:
•
Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage
and performance information our servers automatically collect when you
access or use our App and which we record in log files. Depending on how you
interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information,
browser type and settings and information about your activity in the App (such
as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed,
searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device
event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called
'crash dumps') and hardware settings).
• Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer,
phone, tablet or other device you use to access the App. Depending on the
device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address
(or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location,
browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier,
operating system and system configuration information.
• Location Data. We collect location data such as information about your
device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much
information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use
to access the App. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to
collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP
address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by
refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on
your device. Note however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to
use certain aspects of the Services.
---
Information collected through our App
In Short: We collect information regarding your mobile device, push
notifications, when you use our App.
If you use our App, we also collect the following information:
---
• Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your
mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version
information and system configuration information, device and application
identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model, Internet
service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or
proxy server). If you are using our App, we may also collect information about
the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device's
operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile
device's unique device ID and information about the features of our App you
accessed.
• Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding
your account or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from
receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your
device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our
App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
---
We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business
purposes described below. We process your personal information for these
purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or
perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our
legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to
each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
• To facilitate account creation and login process. If you choose to link your
account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook
account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third
parties to facilitate account creation and login process for the performance of
the contract. See the section below headed "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR
SOCIAL LOGINS?" for further information.
---
• To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our App that may contain
personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your
consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial. If you wish to
update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us
at legal@getskinbliss.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial
location, and contact information.
---
• To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our
third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to
us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing
preferences. For example, when expressing an interest in obtaining
information about us or our App, subscribing to marketing or otherwise
contacting us, we will collect personal information from you. You can opt-out
of our marketing emails at any time (see the "WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY
RIGHTS?" below).
---
• Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may
share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or
agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to
such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data
analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing
efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on
the App, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you
interact with our App over time. This information may be used to, among other
things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content,
pages or features, and better understand online activity. Unless described in
this notice, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with
third parties for their promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with
our data processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal
information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal
information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share
your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also
commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the
period we instruct.
---
• Data Services
For more information on what data the third-party services collect for what
purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please the following
pages:
• Google Play Services
• Google Analytics for Firebase
Ο
Expo
• Sentry
---
5. Social Networks
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media
account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our App offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social
media account details (like your Facebook or Google logins). Where you choose to
do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social
media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the
social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address,
friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public
on such social media platform.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in
this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant App.
Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your
personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend
that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share
your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their
sites and apps.
---
6. AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER
In Short: Our mobile application may contain links to affiliate websites, and we
receive an affiliate commission for any purchases made by you on the affiliate
website using such links. When you are redirected to such an affiliate website, all
your data stays with us.
---
AFFILIATES DISCLAIMER
Our mobile application may contain links to affiliate websites, and we receive an
affiliate commission for any purchases made by you on the affiliate website using
such links.
---
The testimonials on the Site are submitted in various forms such as text, audio
and/or video, and are reviewed by us before being posted.
---
What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past
twelve (12) months:
What categories of personal information do we collect?
Aa Category
Examples
No results?
Q
Collected
---
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories
instances where you interact with us in-person, online, or by phone or mail in the
context of:
•
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
•
•
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
---
How do we use and share your personal information?
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in
this privacy notice.
---
Right to be informed - Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
• whether we collect and use your personal information;
• the categories of personal information that we collect;
• the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
• whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
• the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business
purpose;
• the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or
disclosed for a business purpose; and
• the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal
information.
---
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you
are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These
verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can
match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance,
depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain
information so that we can match the information you provide with the information
we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method
(e.g. phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use
other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your
identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid
requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. If,
however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained
by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of
verifying your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will
delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.