Transparency about how we collect and use your personal data, including
when and how it is shared.

---
About this privacy policy
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share, transfer and sell (for
California residents only) your personal data when you use the services
provided on our sites or interact with us. This privacy policy also explains
your data privacy rights.
Personal data is any information about you by which you can be identified or
be identifiable. This can include information such as:
Your name, date of birth, gender, email address, postal address, phone
number, mobile number or financial details, such as payment cards you
use to purchase products or subscriptions or to support our journalism.
Information about your device (such as the IP address, which is a
numerical code to identify your device that can provide information about
the country, region or city where you are based).
Information relating to how you use and interact with our sites and
services.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Who we are
Guardian News & Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU
is the data controller in respect of personal data that we collect from you.
This means that we are responsible for our use of your personal data. If you
want to contact us directly, you can find our contact details in the “Contact
us for information about how we use your personal data” section below.

---
The types of personal data we collect about you
We collect your personal data when you visit our sites, subscribe for
products or services, make contributions to fund and support the Guardian
or when you interact with us. We will only collect your personal data in line
with applicable laws. We collect your personal data in the following ways:
Directly from you, e.g. when you sign up for our services, purchase
products or services, including by signing up for newsletters or selecting
specific topics you are interested in, including through My Guardian, and
when you browse or use our sites.
Personal data we generate about you, e.g. personal data we use to
authenticate you, or personal data we generate about you from your IP
address or your preferences.
Personal data we collect from third parties, e.g. personal data that helps us
to combat fraud or which we collect, with your permission, when you
interact with us through your social media accounts and/or payment
service providers (e.g. Paypal).
More details about the types of personal data we collect are provided below.
The personal data we collect when you register for a Guardian account on
theguardian.com
When you register for a Guardian account, we collect:
Your name.
Your email address.
Other details such as your contact number and residential or billing
address when you sign up to support us or a subscription.
Your user name, if you comment on our sites.
Your photograph, if you add one to your profile page.
Some limited data from your social media profile (further information on
this is below), if you have signed in to theguardian.com using your social
media details.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Personal data we generate about you
When you register for a Guardian account, sign up for a newsletter, or make a
payment, we assign you a unique ID number. We use this to manage your
preferences, for example, the newsletters you have subscribed to. When you
register for a Guardian account we use your unique ID to recognise you when
you are signed in to our services.

---
When you use our sites we may also use cookies or similar technologies to
collect or generate extra data, including:
Your IP address - a numerical code to identify your device, together with
the country, region or city where you are based.
Your geolocation data - your IP address can be used to find information
about the latitude, longitude, altitude of your device, its direction of
travel, your GPS data and data about connection with local Wi-Fi
equipment.
Information on how you interact with our services.
Your browsing history of the content you have visited on our sites,
including how you were referred to our sites via other websites.
Details of your computer, mobile, TV, tablet or other devices, for example,
the unique device ID, mobile advertising ID, unique vendor or advertising
ID and browsers used to access our content.
Identifiers derived from those cookies or similar technologies, your
device, or generated based on the data you share when registering, signing
up for newsletters or making a payment, such as your email address, or
the data described above.

---
We will not collect special categories of data from you - such as personal data
concerning your race, political opinions, religion, health or sexual
orientation - unless you have chosen to provide that type of personal data to
us.

---
When you use our apps
The Guardian apps use personal data based on the content you have viewed.
Information on bugs and crashes is also sent to us when you use our apps,
including your device's information if you report an issue. A list of the
articles that you have recently viewed is also cached in the local storage on
your device. You can delete this reading history in the settings of the app.
You can choose to receive notifications on your device via the app, and
manage these notifications in the settings of the app.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
When you sign in to our sites using your social media ID, we will use this
personal data to form a profile for your Guardian account. If you remove the
Guardian app from your Google settings or your Apple ID, we will no longer
have access to this data. However, we will still have the personal data that
we received when you first set up your Guardian account using your Google
login, Apple ID, or any other social media sign in.

---
Apple
If you register or sign in with your Apple ID, you give Apple permission to
share your personal data with us. This only includes your first and last name,
and your email address. You can also choose to hide your email and Apple
will create a random email address so your personal email can stay private.
This email address will be linked to your Guardian profile and will be used to
retrieve your subscribed content.

---
Google
When you sign in to our sites using your Google login details, you give
Google permission to share the personal data that you have made public in
your Google profile. This only includes your first and last name, your email
address and whether your email address has been validated, a link to your
Google profile and, if you have one, your profile picture. This email address
will be linked to your Guardian profile and will be used to retrieve your
subscribed content.

---
Personal data when you post comments about the Guardian on other social
media sites
If you have mentioned the Guardian in posts on social media sites, then we
may collect your social media handles.

---
When you post publicly (comments) on our sites
When you post on a discussion board or comment publicly on an article on
one of our sites, the personal data you post, including your username and
other information about yourself, are publicly accessible. This personal data
can be viewed online and collected by other people. We are not responsible
for the way these other people use this personal data. When contributing to a
discussion, we strongly recommend you avoid sharing any personal details,
including information that can be used to identify you directly such as your
name, age, address and name of employer. We are not responsible for the
privacy of any identifiable information that you choose to post in our online
community or other public pages of the site.

---
How we collect personal data
We collect personal data when you:
Become a supporter or register for an account on our sites.
Make contributions to fund and support the Guardian.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Pay for a subscription or purchase any other products/services for yourself
or others.
Manage your account settings (e.g. notification, preferences).
Attend our events (in person and/or virtually).
Enter our competitions, prize draws, bids and surveys.
Take part in our call-outs.
Sign up for our editorial emails.
Post or comment in our online community.
Sign up for marketing communications.
Access and interact with any of our sites.
Contact us via email, social media, our apps or similar technologies or
when you mention us on social media.
Test our products, participate in focus groups or provide us with feedback.

---
We also collect personal data through cookies and other similar
technologies. Please refer to our cookie policy for more details on how we
use cookies.

---
How we use your personal data
We use personal data collected through our sites only when we have a valid
reason and the legal grounds to do so. We determine the legal grounds based
on the purposes for which we have collected your personal data.

---
Consent: We will use your personal data where we have asked for your
consent, which you can withdraw at any time. We will rely on consent to:
Place non-essential cookies and similar technologies including for
personalised advertising as set out in the “Privacy settings" link on our
sites in the footer of every page, which you may withdraw at any time
depending on whether you are able to read the Guardian ad free or have
a Guardian Ad-Lite subscription.

---
Performance of a contract with you (or in order to take steps prior to
entering into a contract with you): We will use your personal data if we
need to in order to perform a contract with you. For example, where you
have purchased a subscription from us, we will need to use your contact
details and payment data in order to process your order and deliver your
subscription. We will use your information as necessary in order to
conduct competitions or prize draws. We may contact you directly via
social media or email if you enter competitions, prize draws, bids or
respond to call-outs.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: Table]
When we embed content on
our site, for example to display
Guardian content on the
unbranded version of the
YouTube embedded player, we
process personal data so that
readers can access this
YouTube player.
Legitimate
Interest
To understand how users interact with our content,
for example whether users watch the full video or
only a proportion of it. This will involve using
cookies as described in our cookie policy and
sharing information with YouTube as set out in the
"When we share or sell your personal data" section
of this privacy policy. This may include content
posted by another party on YouTube which is
subject to their YouTube settings.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: Table]
To generate identifiers for the
purposes of advertising
(including personalised
advertising) based on data you
share when you create an
account, for example your
email address.
Legitimate
Interest
To identify our audience across third party websites
and to analyse our readers and supporters to better
understand you, so that we can make our
marketing and advertising more relevant to the
"segments" that you may be in. These identifiers
are generated by third parties and you can opt out
from having your personal data used for
personalised advertising by going into your account
to the "Data privacy" tab. These identifiers are then
used by cookies for personalised advertising as
described in our cookie policy. If you have a
Guardian Ad-Lite subscription, or read the Guardian
ad free, you can manage the use of cookies by
clicking the "Privacy settings" link on our sites in
the footer of every page.

---
[SECTION: Table]
To test changes to our site we
may vary the personal data
that is collected and how it is
used.
Legitimate
Interest
To see the impact on users and how users interact
with different options on our sites.

---
[SECTION: Table]
To backup our systems and
databases.
Legitimate
Interest
For recovery purposes in the event of any issue
with our systems.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Where we rely on cookies to collect any personal data please see our cookie
policy for more information and how to manage your cookie choices through
our "Privacy settings” link on our sites in the footer of every page.

---
Access permissions when you are using the Guardian app
When you use the Guardian app, we will ask for permissions to access
particular functions of your mobile device. When we ask for permissions will
depend on the operating system of your mobile device, but can include:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
When you decide to store content including downloading photographs or
content on your mobile device to read or use when offline. We will need
your permission to save content to your mobile device.
If you decide to submit content, such as photographs, to the Guardian. We
will ask permission to access your camera or photographs.
If you decide to allow us to send push notifications to your device.

---
Personal data that we receive about you from
other organisations
Adding to or combining the personal data you provide to us
When you sign up to our services we may add to the personal data you give
us by combining it with other personal data shared with us by other trusted
organisations. This includes, for example, the region that you are located in,
so that we can show you the prices for subscriptions or other products in
your local currency. We may also add personal data to improve the accuracy
of your delivery address when we send out mail. We may also obtain your
personal data from partners whose offers we include in some of our
marketing communications and we use this personal data to ensure that we
do not send you irrelevant marketing and to ensure the accuracy of the
information we hold.

---
We also use personal data based on the content you have viewed on our sites
and your interaction with the content to add you to groups with similar
interests and preferences, so that we can make our online advertising more
relevant. Sometimes we use data about your interests or demographics that
some of our global third parties have collected from you online to add you to
these groups, such as Comscore and Nielsen. Please refer to our cookie
policy for more information on how we use cookies.

---
Personal data shared by event partners
When you register or book a ticket for a Guardian event organised by an
event partner, your registration data may be shared with us by the event
partner.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Personal data shared by survey partners
When you participate in a survey conducted by one of our survey partners,
your email address may be shared with us by the survey partner to facilitate
follow-up research.

---
Sometimes we may receive a letter, email or another form of
communication from you that we consider to be significant to the history
of the Guardian. We may decide to share this with the Guardian Archive
run by the Guardian Foundation for historic and archiving purposes.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Data management companies, such as Formstack, that help us collect data
via online forms and surveys.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
YouTube because we use their unbranded embedded player to provide
video content on our websites and apps. The embedded player relies on
the YouTube API, which is a type of software that allows data to be
communicated between our website and apps and the YouTube player.
This will include personal data which will also be collected by cookies as
set out in our cookie policy. We will provide this data about how you
interact with videos to enable YouTube to provide statistical information
such as how many views a video has, or how many users watch the entire
video. More information about how YouTube will use this personal data,
which includes usage data when you interact or use the embedded
YouTube player, can be found at the Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.

---
Skimlinks because they are an affiliate marketing service provider. We do
not drop first or third party cookies, or otherwise access local storage
through our affiliate links. Instead we use a type of link that redirects
users into Skimlinks' network. This means we are tracking and identifying
the click, rather than individuals. Skimlinks will use IP addresses to direct
readers to the geographically relevant affiliate link. The IP address and
user agent are anonymised and truncated by Skimlinks. Third party sites
including retailers and sites in Skimlinks' network may place cookies or
collect additional information. Details about Skimlinks use of data is set
out in their privacy policy at https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policy.

---
These partners may also generate their own identifier from your device or
email address for the purpose of personalised advertising. You can find
details about these partners' use of data and opt out of their identifiers
through the following links:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Social media organisations - We may share your personal data with other
organisations when our web pages use social plug-ins from these
organisations (such as liking or sharing on social media). These other
organisations may receive and use personal data about your visit to our sites
or apps. If you browse our site or view content on our apps, personal data
they collect may be connected to your account on their site. For more
information on how these organisations use personal data, please read their
privacy policies.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
International data transfers
Data we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country
or territory where one or more of our Guardian group companies or service
providers are based or have facilities. While other countries or territories
may not have the same standards of data protection as those in your home
country, we will continue to protect personal data that we transfer in line
with this privacy policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
When you visit our sites, we may collect personal data from you
automatically using cookies or similar technologies.

---
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about
you.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Right to Know: At or before the time of collection, you have a right to
receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal data
and sensitive personal data to be collected, the purposes for which it is
collected and used, whether such personal data is “sold or shared" and for
how long personal data is retained. These details are set out in this Privacy
Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Personal information we collect and use
When we refer to “personal data” throughout this policy, we are also
referencing "personal information," as it is defined under Australian law.
Details about the personal information that we collect, use and disclose is set
out throughout this privacy policy. You can navigate these relevant sections
by going to the contents section at the top of the page.

---
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to collect
information about your use of the website to help create reports and
statistics on the performance of the website. Analytics cookies collect
information such as your IP address, device type and operating system,
referring URLs, location and pages visited.