1. INTRODUCTION
Toonsutra, Inc. (“Toonsutra,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects the privacy of its Users (“User,”
“your,” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use,
disclose, and safeguard your information when you use Toonsutra Platform (the “Platform")
through Toonsutra's website at https://company.toonsutra.com/ (the "Website”) or Toonsutra's
mobile application (the “App”).

---

Toonsutra is a mobile app (and mobile website) that allows users to read comics on their
devices. It's a freemium model where users can read a few comics for free, after which users
will need to make a purchase. Toonsutra is committed to protecting the privacy of its Users
whose information is collected and stored while using Toonsutra's Platform through our
Website or App. This Privacy Policy is applicable to our Website, Platform and all applications
offered for sale to the public.

---

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND OUR POLICIES
AND PRACTICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW WE WILL TREAT IT. BY
ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE, APP, AND PLATFORM, YOU AGREE TO
ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ACKNOWLEDGE
AND AGREE WITH THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND USE
OUR WEBSITE, APP, AND PLATFORM.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?]
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you register to use our Website, App, or Platform, we collect personal information (also
referred to as personally identifiable information or “PII”) which may include your name,
address, online contact information such as your email address or username, phone number,
and other personal information. The information so collected will be stored on our servers. You
are able to change your personal information via email by contacting us
at privacy@toonsutra.com or through your profile or account settings on our Website, App, or
Platform.
a. Geolocation and Equipment Information. We may collect information that does not
personally identify you such as (i) your geolocation, and (ii) information about your internet
connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, App, or Platform, and usage
details.
b. Financial Information. We currently do not collect or store any credit cards or bank
information, as we are using a third-party payment processor. However, we will update this
Privacy Policy when we start using and storing such information. We will also inform you
via reasonable means if we start collecting such information from you.

---
[SECTION: 3. HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?]
3. HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We collect personal information from you in the following ways:
•
•
At registration on our Website, App, or Platform;
Through mobile and desktop applications your downloads from our Website, App, or
Platform;
a. When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and
services;
b. From you placing an order, which includes details of transactions you carry out on our
Website, App, or Platform;
c. When you subscribe to a newsletter;
d. From your responses to a survey;
e. From forms filled out by you;
f. From records or copies of correspondences (including email addresses) if you contact us;
g. From search queries on our Website, App, or Platform;
h. When you post information to be displayed publicly.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We collect information automatically when you use our Platform:
a. Usage details;
b. IP addresses;
c. Browser cookies;
d. Flash cookies;
e. Web beacons on our Website;
f. Web beacons in our emails;
g. Other tracking technologies.

---
[SECTION: 4. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?]
4. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use the information you provide to:
a. Personalize your experience in using our Platform;
b. Provide you with information, products, or services requested from us;
c. Present our Website, App, and Platform and their contents to you;
d. Provide you with notices about account and/or subscription, including expiration and
renewal notices;
e. Carry out obligations and enforce rights arising from contracts entered into between you
and us, including billing and collection;
f. Notify you about changes to our Website, App, and Platform and any products or services;
g. Allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website, App, and Platform;
h. Improve the Website, App, and Platform;
i. Improve our customer service;
j. Administer contests, promotions, and surveys or other Website, App, and Platform
features;
k. Process transactions;
I. Anonymize data and aggregate data for statistics;
m. Contact you for other purposes with your consent;
n. Contact you about our products and services that may be of interest;
o. Enable the display of advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.

---
[SECTION: 5. OUR COOKIE POLICY]
5. OUR COOKIE POLICY
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. Cookies are used
to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other
devices. Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device,
identifiers associated with your device, and other software, are used for similar purposes. In
this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “Cookies.”
We use Cookies on our Website and App to:
•
Help remember and process items in the shopping cart;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•
•
•
•
Understand and save your preferences for future visits;
Keep track of advertisements;
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions;
Allow trusted third-party services to track information on our behalf.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser Cookies, but it may affect your user
experience. We honor Do Not Track signals and, if one is in place, we will not track, plant
cookies, or use advertising.
We allow third-party behavioral tracking and links to third-party web pages. These third-party
sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or
liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the
integrity of our Website, App, or Platform and welcome any feedback
at privacy@toonsutra.com .

---
[SECTION: 6. HOW DO WE PROTECT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?]
6. HOW DO WE PROTECT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
Our Website and App receive regular security scans and penetration tests. Our Website and
App also receive regular malware scans. In addition, our Website and App use an SSL
certificate as an added security measure.
We require username and passwords for our employees who can access your personal
information that we store and/or process on our Platform and servers. In addition, we actively
prevent third parties from getting access to your personal information that we store and/or
process on our Platform and servers. We accept payment by credit card through a third-party
credit card processor on our behalf.

---
[SECTION: 7. DATA SECURITY MEASURES]
7. DATA SECURITY MEASURES
a. Security Measures. We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal
information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and
disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
The safety and security of your information also depend on you. Where we have given you (or
where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, App, or
Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share
your password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is
not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we
cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website, App, or
Platform. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible
for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Website, App,
or Platform.
b. Fair Information Practice Principles. In the event of a personal data breach, we will notify
you via (i) email and/or (ii) our Platform notification system on our Website and/or App. We
agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue
legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or
prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

---
[SECTION: 8. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION]
8. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
There are times when we may share Personal Information that you have shared with us with
others to enable us to provide you our Services, including contractors, service providers, and
third parties (“Partners”). This section discusses only how Toonsutra may share such
information with Partners. We will ensure that our Partners protect your Personal Information.
The following describes how and with whom we may share your Personal Information:
a. We may disclose aggregated, de-personalized information about you that does not
identify any individual to other parties without restriction, such as for marketing, advertising,
or other uses.
b. We may disclose personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
c. We may disclose personal information to contractors, service providers, and other third
parties.
d. We require all contractors, service providers, and other third parties to whom we disclose
your personal information to be under contractual obligations to keep personal information
confidential and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose them.
e. We may disclose personal information in the event of a merger, sale of business, etc.
f. We may disclose to third parties to market their products and services to you if you have
either consented or not opted out of these disclosures.
g. We require all other Partners, to whom we disclose your personal information, to enter
into contracts with us to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the
purposes for which we disclose it to such Partners.
h. We disclose personal information to fulfill the purpose for which you have provided it, for
instance, if you gave us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of the Platform.
i. We may disclose personal information for any other purpose for which you have provided
it.
j. We may only disclose personal information as described in this Privacy Policy or with your
consent.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 9. GOOGLE ADSENSE AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS]
9. GOOGLE ADSENSE AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses Cookies to serve advertisements to Users on our
Website, App, and Platform. Google uses first-party Cookies, such as Google Analytics
Cookies, to compile data regarding User interactions with ad impressions and other ad service
functions as they relate to our Platform. We currently use Google Analytics to collect and
process certain Website and App usage data. To learn more about Google Analytics and how
to opt-out, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy/google-partners.
We have implemented advertising features on our Website, App, and Platform including:
(a) remarketing with Google AdSense;
(b) Google Display Network Impression Reporting;
(c) Google Demographics and Interests Reporting;
(d) Google's DoubleClick platform integration.

---
[SECTION: 10. FOR OUR EUROPEAN CUSTOMERS AND VISITORS]
10. FOR OUR EUROPEAN CUSTOMERS AND VISITORS
We are headquartered in the United States. Most of the operations are located in the United
States. Your Personal Information, which you give to us during registration or use of our
Website, App, or Platform, may be accessed by or transferred to us in the United States. If
you are visiting our Website or registering for our Services from outside the United States, be
aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the
United States. Our servers or our third-party hosting services partners are located in the
United States. By using our site, you consent to any transfer of your Personal Information out
of Europe, UK, or Switzerland for processing in the US or other countries.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS]
11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Toonsutra does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside third parties your “Personal
Information” as defined under the California Civil Code Section § 1798.82(h). Additionally,
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits Users of our Website, App, or Platform that
are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of their
Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request for
such disclosure, or identification and/or deletion of Personal Information in all our systems that
we store on you, please send an email to privacy@toonsutra.com.

---
[SECTION: 12. COPPA COMPLIANCE (FOR CHILDREN UNDER 13 USERS ONLY)]
12. COPPA COMPLIANCE (FOR CHILDREN UNDER 13
USERS ONLY)
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) is a federal legislation that applies to
entities that collect and store “Personal Information,” as the term is defined under COPPA,
from children under the age of 13. We are committed to ensuring compliance with COPPA.
Our Website, App, and Platform are not meant for use by children under the age of 13. Our
Website, App, and Platform do not target children under the age of 13, but we do not age-
screen or otherwise prevent the collection, use, and personal disclosure of persons identified
as under 13. If you would like to know more about our practices and specifically our practices
in relation to COPPA compliance, please email us at privacy@toonsutra.com.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: 15. LIST OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS]
15. LIST OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Toonsutra uses the following third-party service providers for the provision of services as
detailed under Terms of Service:
Name of Third-
Party Service
Provider
Contact Information
Amazon Web
Services Inc.
(North Virginia, US)
Website: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-
center/aws-phone-support/
Address: 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210
Website: www.google.com
Google Cloud
Telephone: (855) 817-0841
Email: support@google.com
Additionally, if you have any questions or concerns about our third-party service providers,
please email us at privacy@toonsutra.com.

---
[SECTION: 16. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT/DMCA NOTICE]
16. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT/DMCA NOTICE
If you believe that any content on our Website, App, or Platform violates your copyright, and
you wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the
form of a written notification (pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA
Takedown Notice”)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent.
a. Your physical or electronic signature;
b. Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
c. Identification of the material on our Website, App, or Platform that you claim is infringing
and that you request us to remove;
d. Sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
e. Your address, telephone number, and email address;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
f. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law;
g. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of
perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or
that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.