PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. It contains important information about
how Vito Technology, Inc. (“Vito Technology” or “we”) collects, uses, and shares personal
information when you use Vito Technology mobile applications (“Apps”), websites
("Websites”), products, and related services (collectively, the “Services”). By accessing or using
the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy (“Privacy
Policy") and the Vito Technology Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”). Residents of certain U.S. states
may have additional privacy rights under applicable state laws, including the right to access,
delete, or opt out of certain data practices. Vito Technology will comply with such rights, if and
as applicable. By using the Apps, Websites and/or Services, you acknowledge that you have
read and understand this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the
Services constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Vito Technology reserves the right to
modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes on this page, with an updated
"Last Updated” date. Please check back regularly to review any changes. If we make material
changes, we will notify you (e.g. via an in-app notice or our website). Your continued use of the
Services after such changes indicates your consent to the updated Privacy Policy.

---
third parties. Where we rely on consent (for example, precise location), you may withdraw your
consent at any time. You may also object to direct marketing and request restriction of certain
processing. You can exercise these choices by: (a) emailing privacy@vitotechnology.com; (b)
submitting a request via https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request; (c) using in-app
settings or your device settings to disable non-essential features (e.g., withdrawing location
permissions); and (d) using the unsubscribe link in marketing emails. We will honor your
choices and will not condition provision of Services on consent to processing that is not
necessary to provide the Services.

---
Vito Technology complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK
Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as
set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Vito Technology has certified to the U.S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
(EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the
European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in
reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Vito Technology has certified to the U.S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
(Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from
Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and/or the
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern.

---
A. CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY
We want you to always be aware of what personal and other data we collect, how we use that
data, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. All personal data that we collect will be
handled according to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the data is collected. If the Privacy
Policy changes in any significant respect in the meantime, we will not (without your
permission) use your personal data in a manner that is inconsistent with the Privacy Policy in
effect at the time your information was collected.

---
B. PERSONAL DATA YOU DISCLOSE TO VITO TECHNOLOGY
You never have to provide personally identifiable information to Vito Technology. Vito
Technology does not sell or share personal information as those terms are defined under the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). However,
should you choose to withhold certain required data, Vito Technology may not be able to
provide you with some or all of the Services. Some of the data we ask you to provide may be
identified as mandatory or optional. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a
particular activity, you may not be able to engage in that activity or make such a purchase. Vito
Technology will inform you of the mandatory or optional nature of the requested or required
data.

---
Vito Technology may collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to it when registering on
the Apps and/or the Websites to receive information about Vito Technology Services, when
participating in other activities on the Apps, the Websites, or otherwise contacting Vito
Technology. The personal data that Vito Technology may collect depends on the context of
your interactions with the Apps, the Websites, and Services. Such data may include: geo-
location (with explicit consent), first and last name, e-mail address, and any other information
you voluntarily provide through our services.

---
Furthermore, Vito Technology may collect your personal data when you contact Vito
Technology's customer support team via email or another communication tool. The purpose of
collecting such data is to help you solve any issue you have with Vito Technology Services. The
legal basis of collecting this data is Vito Technology's fulfillment of contractual or pre-
contractual obligations to you or your consent thereto.

---
C. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED

---
rendering a star map or fetching localized weather. This data is used in real-time, is not stored
after use, is not combined with identifiers, and is not shared or sold to any third party. Users can
disable location services at any time through their device settings without losing access to
other app features.

---
Vito Technology automatically collects certain data to facilitate the end users' requested
service. This includes technical information such as the end users' Internet Protocol (IP)
address, device information, operating system and browser information (where applicable),
time zone setting, and information about end users' interaction with our Apps and/or Websites.
For Websites, this may include full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), products viewed or
searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page
interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to
browse away from the page. For Apps, this may include information about features used,
screens viewed, in-app events, session length, and interactions with in-app elements. We also
collect device identification information (e.g., unique device ID, advertising ID). We collect this
data in order to make our Apps and Websites function correctly and provide you the
functionality that you see on the Apps and/or the Websites, as our servers use this data to
deliver the pages to you through the Apps and/or the Websites. We also use this data to better
understand how visitors use our Apps and/or Websites and how we can better tune our
Services, their contents, and functionality to meet your needs. However, this data is not
associated with any personally identifiable information of persons browsing the Apps and/or
Websites.

---
When you use the Apps and/or Websites, Vito Technology or trusted third parties authorized by
Vito Technology may also collect certain technical and routing information about your
computer (also known as environmental variables) to facilitate your use of the Apps, Websites,
and the Services enabled thereby. When you browse the Internet, your Internet browser (such
as Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, or Microsoft Edge) automatically transmits some data to Vito
Technology every time you access content on one of our internet domains. Examples of such
data include the URL of the particular webpage you visited, the IP (Internet Protocol) address of
the computer you are using, or the browser version that you are using to access the Website.
All of this data may be collected by Vito Technology and used to help improve our offerings to
you.

---
We may collect, use, and share aggregated data (statistical or demographic data) for any
purpose. Although this data is derived from end-users' personal data, it cannot directly or
indirectly lead to an end-user's identity in aggregated form, and is therefore not “personal data"
for purposes of this Privacy Policy. If the aggregated data is connected to end-users' personal
data such that end-users can be identified, we will treat that data as personal data for purposes
of this Privacy Policy.

---
If data collection is required by law or under the terms of a contract with end-users, and end-
users fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract.
This may require cancellation of a product or service with the end-user. We will notify end-
users if this is the case at the appropriate time.

---
D. DATA COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES; THIRD-PARTY
PAYMENT PROCESSORS
Vito Technology may collect personal data from third-party sources in certain circumstances.
This may include data obtained from public databases, social media platforms, marketing
partners, and other third parties we work with. The types of personal data collected from these
sources may include contact information, professional details, and user preferences. We ensure
that any third-party data collection complies with applicable data protection laws and this
Privacy Policy.

---
Vito Technology may receive information from third-parties including business partners, sub-
contractors in technical, payment, and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics
providers, and search information providers.

---
Vito Technology integrates third-party SDKs (e.g., Google AdMob, Unity Ads, AppLovin, Firebase
Analytics) that may collect device-level information (e.g., Advertising ID, IP address) to deliver
ads or perform analytics. Vito Technology does not link device identifiers (including but not
limited to IDFA/GAID) to a user's name, email, or any other personal identifiers that could
directly identify an individual. These identifiers are randomly generated by operating systems
and do not, in Vito Technology's systems, identify any particular person. Any approximate
location data inferred by these SDKs (e.g., from IP address) is done independently and is not
directed by or accessible to Vito Technology.

---
We use third-party payment processors for all payments. When you pay for your purchase, you
provide your personal information needed to perform the transaction directly to the third-party
payment processor. In such cases, its privacy policy and security practices will apply to your
personal information. We strongly encourage you to review that privacy policy before providing
your personal information.

---
We will obtain end-users' express opt-in consent before collecting and using their personal
data. This consent will be obtained through a clear affirmative action, such as ticking a box or
clicking a button, after being presented with clear and comprehensive information about how
their data will be used. We will get end-users' express opt-in consent before sharing end-users'
personal data with any company outside Vito Technology for marketing purposes.

---
We will only use your personal data for the purpose for which we collected it. We may use your
personal data for a different purpose only if we reasonably believe that it is necessary for that
purpose and that purpose is compatible with the original purpose. End-users may request an
explanation for the compatibility between an original and new purpose by contacting us.

---
If we need to use end-users' personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which it
was collected, we will notify end-users and provide an explanation of the legal basis which
allows us to do this.

---
• Tracking Technology. Vito Technology also may allow select third parties to use tracking
technology on the Apps and/or the Websites, which will enable the collection of data about
how you interact with the Apps and/or the Websites over time. This data may be used to,
among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content or
pages, and better understand user activity in order for Vito Technology to improve its
Services. Vito Technology does not share, sell, rent or trade your Personal data with third

---
Vito Technology may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and
pixels) to access or store information. Cookies and similar tracking technologies are short
pieces of data or code generated by a web server or mobile application that a service stores on
a user's device to collect and track information. The Apps and the Websites may require the use
of a cookie and similar tracking technologies for purposes of keeping information you enter on
multiple pages together. Cookies and similar tracking technologies also enable Vito Technology
to customize the Apps, the Websites, and offerings to your needs and provide you with a better
online experience. Beacons are used in combination with cookies to help the website and
mobile application operators understand how visitors interact with their online services.

---
Vito Technology is committed to complying with all applicable data protection laws and
regulations regarding cookie usage, including GDPR, CCPA and local data protection
regulations. We ensure transparent cookie practices, obtain necessary consents, and provide
clear information about our cookie usage in alignment with these legal requirements.

---
For transfers of personal data to the United States, Vito Technology complies with the EU-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), including the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the
EU, the UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Vito Technology has certified
to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the DPF Principles. If there is any conflict
between the terms in this privacy policy and the applicable DPF Principles, the applicable DPF
Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification,
please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. If a transfer to a non-DPF country is
necessary, Vito Technology will conduct a thorough data transfer assessment and implement
safeguards, such as signing a Data Processing Agreement (DPA), as required. Vito Technology
remains committed to taking all necessary measures to protect your personal data in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.

---
Choices and Means to Limit Use and Disclosure (EU, UK, and Switzerland)
Individuals in the EU, UK, and Switzerland have the right to choose (opt out of) (i) the disclosure
of their personal data to a third party (other than our agents and service providers acting on
our behalf), and (ii) the use of their personal data for a purpose that is materially different from
the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. Where we rely
on consent (e.g., for precise location), you may withdraw your consent at any time. You may also
object to or restrict certain processing, including direct marketing. To exercise these choices,
please contact us at privacy@vitotechnology.com or submit a request via
https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request. You may also manage certain preferences in
your device or app settings (for example, by disabling location services) and, for cookies and
similar technologies, via your browser or device settings and our cookie controls.

---
Access Rights for EU, UK, and Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, the United Kingdom (including Gibraltar), or
Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you.
This includes the right to obtain confirmation as to whether we process your personal data and,
where we do, to receive access to that data. You may also request that we correct, amend, or
delete personal data that is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. To
exercise your access rights, please contact us at privacy@vitotechnology.com or submit a
request via https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request. We will respond in accordance
with applicable law.

---
K. MINORS
Vito Technology strictly prohibits and does not knowingly collect personal data from or market
to children under 18 years of age (or the applicable age of digital consent in your jurisdiction, if
different, e.g., 16 years of age under the GDPR in the European Union). By using the Apps
and/or the Websites, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or legal
guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the Apps and the
Websites. If Vito Technology learns that personal data from users less than 18 years of age has
been collected, it will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete

---
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) was passed by the U.S. Congress in
November 1998. COPPA provides parents with specific rights regarding their children's privacy.
For additional information and resources on COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission
(FTC) Website. The Apps, the Websites, and Services are not directed at children under 13 years
of age and, therefore, COPPA does not apply. However, we recognize that children under the
age of 13 may potentially access the Apps, the Websites, and Services. The collection of
information is covered above. Parents and Legal Guardians may request from us to review,
delete or stop the collection of the personally identifiable information of their child. You may do
so by contacting us by email at privacy@vitotechnology.com.

---
Consistent with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, you may limit the use and disclosure of
your personal data as follows: (a) withdraw consent at any time for processing that relies on
consent; (b) object to or opt out of processing for direct marketing; (c) request that we restrict
certain processing where permitted by law; and (d) opt out of the disclosure of your personal
data to third parties or its use for a purpose materially different from the purpose for which it
was originally collected or subsequently authorized. You can exercise these choices by emailing
privacy@vitotechnology.com or submitting a request at https://vitotechnology.com/data-
subject-request. We will honor your choices in accordance with applicable law and the EU-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).

---
UK and Swiss Resident Rights
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom or Switzerland, you have the right to:
• Access, correct, or delete your personal data.
•
Object to the processing of your data.
•
•
Withdraw consent for data collection and processing at any time.
Lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) or the Swiss Federal
Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC).

---
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
DPF, Vito Technology commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our
collection and use of your personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or
complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,
the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Vito
Technology at privacy@vitotechnology.com.

---
• Where end-users have provided their consent to the processing of end-users' personal data
for any purpose, including geolocation data which is solely associated with the device
identifier and not linked to any personally identifiable information (such as name, email, or
other personal data), end-users have the right to withdraw such consent at any time by
contacting us at Vito Technology (address by email to privacy@vitotechnology.com). Please
note that withdrawing consent may result in the loss of access to certain services or features
that require the processing of your personal data, but will not affect the lawfulness of
processing based on consent before its withdrawal. However, we will inform you of any such
consequences before you withdraw your consent. Vito Technology keeps records of all user
consents, including the time and date when consent was given, to ensure transparency and
compliance with data protection regulations. As noted above, any geolocation data collected
upon consent is solely associated with the device identifier and not linked to personally
identifiable information such as name or email address. For personal data transferred to the
United States under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
DPF, this right applies to individuals in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland and will be
honored in accordance with the DPF Principles. You may withdraw consent by emailing

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
disabling location permissions, notifications, or advertising identifiers).

---
• Individuals in the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland have
the right to limit the use and disclosure of their personal data, including: (i) opting out of
disclosures of personal data to third parties not acting as Vito Technology's agents; (ii) opting
out of Vito Technology's use of personal data for a purpose materially different from the
purpose for which it was collected or subsequently authorized; (iii) withdrawing consent for
processing activities based on consent (for example, precise geolocation or marketing); and
(iv) restricting certain processing as described below. You may exercise these choices by (a)
emailing privacy@vitotechnology.com; (b) submitting a request at
https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request; (c) using in-App/Website privacy settings
(including cookie controls) and adjusting device/app permission settings (for example,
location, notifications, advertising identifiers); or (d) writing to Vito Technology, Inc., Attn: Data
Protection Officer, 700 N Fairfax St, Suite 614, Alexandria, VA 22314, USA. For personal data
transferred to the United States under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF,
and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Vito Technology will honor these choices in accordance with the DPF
Principles.

---
• To request the erasure of personal data that we hold about end-users where there is no
legitimate business purpose for us to continue processing it, where end-users have
successfully exercised their right to object to processing, where we may have processed end-
users' data unlawfully or where we are required to erase end-users' personal data to comply
with local law.

---
• To access information held about end-users. European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK)
(and Gibraltar), and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether we

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
and the SwissU.S. DPF. End-users will not have to pay a fee to access their personal data (or to
exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if the request is
manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive, or we may refuse to act on the request, in
accordance with applicable data protection laws. You may exercise your right of access by
emailing privacy@vitotechnology.com, submitting a request at
https://vitotechnology.com/data-subject-request, or writing to Vito Technology, Inc., Attn:
Data Protection Officer, 700 N Fairfax St, Suite 614, Alexandria, VA 22314, USA. We may request
limited additional information to verify your identity and will provide access unless a legal
exception applies.