We understand the importance of protecting the privacy of your Personal Data and take
appropriate reasonable steps to protect it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain
what Personal Data we collect about you when you interact with fatsecret, including what
Personal Data and other information we collect, how we use that information, with whom
we share that information and what steps we take to protect that information.

---
We collect, use, hold and disclose (i.e. process) Personal Data and Sensitive Data as
outlined in this Privacy Policy to operate and improve the Services.

---
2. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Data
As a user of fatsecret or the Services you are required to register before you can use
fatsecret (including the fatsecret App) and our Services. During registration, we collect
(and if you proceed to register your consent to our collection of):
Ο
Ο
Ο
Your Personal Data such as name, age, height, gender, postcode and email address.
We also collect information relating to your current and goal weight which, because of
the inferences that can be made about you in combination with your age, gender and
height, is considered health data and thus Sensitive Data. When using fatsecret, we
may also collect additional information including but not limited to your dietary goals,
dietary preferences, allergies and other health conditions affected by nutrition or diet,
or requiring nutrition or dietary guidance
We collect the above Personal Data to customise, adapt and personalise your
experience with the Services, to assess and improve our Services (such as the
educational content) and maintain and analyse the functioning of the Service; and
when using fatsecret, behavioural data (i.e. what you do whilst using fatsecret, what
you engage with) such as by monitoring your engagement with fatsecret, our Services
and our communications. By collecting this Personal Data we can monitor and analyse
your progress in respect of your health goals. This allows us to better customise/tailor
your experience with the Services (and how we deliver the Services to you) and to
continue improving fatsecret.

---
We also collect your Personal Data (such as name, contact details (i.e. email address) and
other Personal Data you provide) when you communicate with us or use your
personal User Inbox within fatsecret. We use this Personal Data to communicate with you
and populate your User Inbox with information related to your weight/health journey.

---
If you register for our Premium Service we may additionally collect payment details
(including credit card and debit card details) to fulfil your purchase, process your
payments and provide you with any necessary customer support.

---
fatsecret may also access and process your Sensitive Data (i.e. health data) through
integration with other services such as Apple's HealthKit API's and Google's Health
Connect and Fit APIs (all together "Health Data Services") where you have requested or
opted in to us doing so. We will not use or disclose any Sensitive Data gained through
Health Data Services to third parties for advertising, marketing or other use-based data
mining purposes other than for improving health or for the purpose of health research and
will not disclose any of this Sensitive Data to a third party without your express consent.
The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect
Permissions policy, including the Limited Use requirements.

---
fatsecret (and our advertisements or email messages) may contain "cookies" and other
technologies such as pixel tags. Other technical information we collect include your IP
address, ISP, browser type, operating system, language and general user activity on
fatsecret. These technologies help us better customise the Services and to facilitate and
measure the effectiveness of advertisements or messages. We do not link the information
stored in cookies to any Personal Data you have submitted. While most browsers accept
cookies automatically, you may also adjust your browser settings to delete or disable
cookies. We do not respect do not track browser requests.

---
1. User consent: this refers to where you have given us explicit permission to process
Personal Data and/or Sensitive Data for a given purpose. When we rely on consent we
seek such consent at the time we collect your Personal Data and/or Sensitive Data

---
We will share our direct marketing with you using a variety of channels, such as your User
Inbox, email or by telephone, unless you have specifically requested us to only use one
specific channel for marketing. We may also collect and use your demographic and other
Personal Data for market research, statistical, advertising and promotional purposes.

---
fatsecret takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of your Personal Data. For
example, we take reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorised access to
or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of user Personal Data. These include
internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security
measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard
against unauthorised access to systems where we store Personal Data.