NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. (including its affiliates, hereinafter together referred to as "we", "our" or "us") respect your concerns about privacy. This
Policy applies to the personal information we collect through WEBTOON application and/or website, WEBTOON TRANSLATE and CANVAS (colle
"Services").

---

In this Privacy Policy, we describe the types of personal information we process through the Services, how we may use the information, with who
share it and the choices available to you regarding use of the information and exercise of your rights. We also describe the measures we take to s
information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices. Below you will find a summary of the key messages contained in our Priva
more detailed information on how we process your information, please click on the headings or continue to read below.

---

2. Information We Collect

---

The following personal information is collected in connection with the Services:

---

Information you provide directly

---

When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of coll
example:
Contact information: When a user is considered a child in accordance with applicable law in user's jurisdiction, we may need the user's name a
guardian's e-mail address to obtain legal guardian's consent depending on your jurisdiction. Moreover, when you participate in our events or pro
may ask for your name, phone number, address, email address and any other information required to deliver prizes and to respond to inquiries. A
when you subscribe to the Newsletter, such as WEBTOON ads Newsletter or Canvas Newsletter, we collect your email address to send you upda
advertising placements, events, and other relevant information. Furthermore, you may choose to provide your name, company name, and job title
tailor relevant business communications and better understand our audience. However, these details are optional, and your decision to provide t
affect your ability to receive the newsletter.
Account information: When you create your own account and login to your account, we may need your date of birth, nickname, email address a
Additionally, when you login to a third party account or to your profile with us, we may ask for information such as email address, nickname or pro
Survey information: When you participate in our surveys or opinion polls, we may ask for your name, phone number, gender and any other infor
can be reasonably required to conduct surveys or opinions and provide rewards.
Image Information: When you choose to use toon filter, we may collect photos and gather information about the images, including identifying th
scenery that appear, as well as the presence and location of facial and body features and attributes within your photos. This information is not lim
account and is soley used to enable the toon filter effect and detect inappropriate images. Please note that we do not use this information to ide
individuals or for the purpose of training or improving our technology.
- Customer Care information: To provide responses when you contact our Customer Care, we may collect any information you choose to provide
requests or inquiries. When you communicate with our Customer Care staff or others, your communications will be transmitted through our syste
your email address.
- Identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as (i) device identifiers (e.g., cookies, beacons, pixel tags), (ii) mobile ad identifiers and sir
technology, (iii) customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias, (iv) telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifie
identifier, Internet Protocol address other similar identifiers.

---

[For Creators]
When you use CANVAS and/or AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM, we may need to collect the following additional information:
- Creator Profile information: We may request information that you have voluntarily shared with the public through your Creator Profile page, incl
profile picture, bio, social media links, website and more.
We may request that your PayPal ID or Patreon ID be linked to the Service.
We may request your uTip ID to provide reward or bonus.
AD Revenue Payment Information: If you choose to provide your PayPal account, we may ask for additional information such as your Name (Leg
Name/Business Alias), Full name/Business Name, Country, Residency, Address, Postal code, E-mail, Signature and Tax ID (or Social Security Nun
applicable) for tax processing purposes.

---

[For WEBTOON TRANSLATE Users]
When you use WEBTOON TRANSLATE, we may need to collect the following additional information:
- Profile information: We may collect information that you have voluntarily shared with the public through your profile page, including your profile
nickname, user site URL, location and language of your choice.
Team manager application information: If you apply as a team manager, we may request your "My Profile" URL, the language of your choicegand
translating experiences.

---

Information collected through cookies and similar technologies
We and third parties may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags, and other tracking technologies (which we will refer to collectively as "cookie
gather statistical information in order to improve your experience with the Services, save your preferences, and to provide you offers. These cool
used to track you across devices and websites over time. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and session IDs, but you may be able
cookies by making the appropriate selection from your browser options or through the Cookie Settings. Note that by doing so, the functionality c
may be limited.

---

To find out more on how we use the cookies collected, please refer to our Cookie Policy. To find out more about cookies, including how to see wh
have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org

---

Information about your use of services
In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of our Services through software on your devices and by oth
We will collect:
Service usage information: your interactions with the Services, dates and times of use of the Services and any Service usage information such
genre preferences, comments or likes, Coin and Free Passes balances, commercial information including purchase and transaction history, recer
subscription history, download history, and event, promotion and/or contest participation;
Information relating to the organization of contests and/or any promotional operations: date of participation, responses to the contests and nat
prizes offered;
Device and Log Information: Device and Log information such as device model, OS version, IP address, setting of devices, country information
address, URL and network type; and
Transaction /Purchase details: we do not collect or process any payment details concerning you (e.g., credit card details). Such information is c
and processed through Apple's App Store, Google Play Store, and PayPal. The only information that Apple, Google and PayPal may share with us
transaction and purchase details (e.g., transaction number, purchase history). Such information is only processed to validate the transactions.
- Inferences: We may draw inferences of your interests, preferences, and gender cohort based on information about your interactions with our S
advertising partners.

---

Information collected through 3rd Party Analytics
Through certain Services, we may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and a
party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services on the Services. The information
may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate us
Services or help administer the Services.

---

3. How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information collected above for the following purposes:
[For Users and Creators]
Identify and authenticate you and administer your account
Provide a Service or feature you request, such as to respond to your request, questions and instructions made through the Services;
Conduct surveys and analyses necessary for improving the Service;
Send you information and prizes for campaigns and events;
Processing payment and billing when a user purchases a product or uses a Service that is not free;
- Provide you with tailored functions such as recommendation based on your age and/or service usage information such as your most visited we
additional content tailored to your interests via the Interest tab;
Provide you with ads which may include personalized or targeted (or interest-based) ads;
Send you communications via email or in-product notifications (e.g., pop-up notification, push notification) in relation to our Services as contro
communication preferences;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products and services;
Create de-identified, anonymized or aggregated information;
Deliver and protect Digital Content;
Verify age and provide age-appropriate content and experiences;
Ensure the information security of our Services;
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
Generate statistical data pertaining to usage of the Services;
Ensure and monitor the effectiveness and availability of the services to improve performance of the website and the application;
Comply with and enforce applicable law requirements, our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws), relevant industry standards and our policies, inc
Privacy Policy;
Validate transaction and prevent fraud and abuse;
Respond to your inquiries and send users important notifications when necessary; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected

---

[For Creators using CANVAS and/or AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM]
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and/or AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM fo
following additional purposes:
Provide rewards, bonus or deliver prizes to survey participants, contest entrants or winners;
Verify your identity to comply with applicable federal laws;
Provide AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM to users;
Send emails relevant to your work or usage, as controlled by your email preference;
Reply to your questions;
Understand how you use the Service and create better AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAMS;
Generate statistical data pertaining to usage of the Services;
Conduct research and development to improve AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM and develop future products;
Comply with and enforce applicable law requirements, our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws), relevant industry standards and our policies in
Privacy Policy; and
Prevent fraud and abuse of AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM and prevent other criminal activity, claims and liabilities.

---

Payment Partners. Payment and purchase information is collected and processed by payment partners for payment processing and anti-fraud

---

We will store the collected data even thereafter, until the expiration of any legal liability arising therefrom.

---

Your right to erasure: you have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in the following circumstances: (i) we no longer need your
information, (ii) you initially consented to the use of your personal information, but have now withdrawn your consent, (iii) you have objected to th
personal information and your interests outweigh those of our company, (iv) we have collected or used your personal information unlawfully, and
have a legal obligation to erase your personal information.

---

You can manage the use of optional cookies by clicking on the "Cookie Settings" solution displayed when you open the application/visit the webs
time through the Cookie Settings. To find out more on how we use the cookies collected, please refer to our Cookie Policy. You can also restrict c
certain types of cookies by visiting https://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.

---

We take protection of your information seriously and maintain safeguards designed to protect the information we collect in connection with the S
transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we canno
the security of your information as it is transmitted to us. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we assume no liability or responsibility for
your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized access by third-parties or other causes beyond our control.

---

13.1 For U.S. Residents
This section supplements the WEBTOON Privacy Policy and applies solely to U.S. residents.
Information we process
We may request date of birth, to verify your ability to access certain features of the Services and to tailor content and advertisements to you.
When a child is under 13 years of age, we collect the child's name and parent's e-mail address from the child that are necessary to provide any
notice and to obtain parental consent.

---

Children's Personal Information
Users under the age of 13 are not the primary audience for our service as it relates to the COPPA compliance. We may ask you to provide age-re
information in order to help us comply with data protection laws. In particular, we will request your date of birth to determine whether or not you
benefit from the services or if we have to obtain verifiable parental consent from your parent or relevant holder of parental responsibility before a
access and/or benefit from the services. If parental consent from user's parents or legal guardian is necessary, we will obtain such consent befor
personal information of children. To read about our privacy policy for children, please see the Children's Privacy Policy.

---

13.2 For Consumers Residing in Certain U.S. States
This section supplements the WEBTOON Privacy Policy and applies to consumers who reside in jurisdictions where there is a privacy statute (ex
WEBTOON ENTERTAINMENT Inc. applicants and personnel).
A. Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information
(1) Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the las
- Identifiers such as name, citizenship, residence address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, m
identifiers and similar technology, customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias, telephone number and other forms of persistent or probal
identifiers), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers (including date of birth, contac
account information, identifiers, survey information, customer care information, Creator Profile information, PayPal ID, Patreon ID, uTip ID, AD Rev
Payment Information, WEBTOON TRANSLATE Profile and team manager application information stipulated in section 2 above);
Other identifying information, such as social security number, tax ID, tax form;
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasin
consuming histories or tendencies (including transaction and purchase details stipulated in section 2 above);
- Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to information regarding your interaction with websites, app
advertisements (including information about your use of Services and information collected through 3rd Party Analytics stipulated in section 2 ab
Sensory information including electronic, visual, or similar information;
Biometric identifiers and biometric information: when you choose to use toon filter, we may collect biometric identifiers and biometric informati
under certain U.S. state laws, such as image of face and features and attributes of your face and body to enable filter effect and detect inapprop
We do not use this information to identify specific individuals or for the purpose of training or improving our technology. Where required by law, v
your consent from you prior to any such collection; and
Inferences drawn from any of the above information, including information regarding your interactions with our Services and preferences, inforr
your activities and interactions with our advertising partners, and gender cohort based on your interactions and preferences.

---

(2) Sensitive Personal Information: Depending on the state in which you reside, we may collect some sensitive personal information about you
the Services, such as social security number for tax purposes.

---

(3) Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sou
From you or your devices, for example, through your use of the Services;
Our affiliated companies which provide services on our behalf, such as customer support and payment processing;
Vendors who provide Services on our behalf;
Advertising networks;
Data analytics providers;
Payment partners; and
Social media networks.

---

(4) Business & Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: To understand the purposes for which we collect personal informat
review 3. How We Use the Information We Collect of this Privacy Policy.

---

Right to Know: Subject to applicable exceptions, you may have the right to request that we disclose personal information that we have collecte
shared about you in the past 12 months, including:
o the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
o the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
o the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information.

---

Right to Data Portability: You may have the right to request that personal information that has been collected and maintained about you be tra
you via a secure method in a commonly used electronic format that enables you to have complete access to and full enjoyment of your data, sub
applicable law and exceptions, including, but not limited to, the capacity to save, edit, and transfer the personal information to any other person c
your discretion.

---

Right to Correct: Subject to applicable law and exceptions, you may have the right to correct or modify inaccurate personal information that we
collected about you.

---

Right to Delete: You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you, subject to applicable la
exceptions.

---

Although some of the information that we may collect could be considered sensitive information under certain U.S. state privacy laws, we only us
disclose sensitive information for a subset of the purposes described above. For example, we may collect and process SSNs and information of c
tax purposes.

---

You can manage the use of optional cookies by clicking on the "Cookie Settings" solution displayed when you open the application/visit the webs
time through the Cookie Settings. To find out more on how we use the cookies collected, please refer to our Cookie Policy. You can also restrict c
certain types of cookies by visiting https://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.

---

C. Data Retention
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic:
at the minimum duration for which the information is used to provide you with a service;
as required under law, a contract, or with regard to our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws); or
only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable
anonymized form, for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.

---

Thus, we will only keep your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes for which we collect them and to comply with legal, f
business or reporting requirements. When we no longer need the personal information, we will securely delete or destroy it.

---

We will store the collected data even thereafter, until the expiration of any legal liability arising therefrom.