1. АССЕРTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing and using our Services, you signify acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Where we require your consent to process your personal information, we will ask for your
consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described
further below. We may provide additional “just-in-time” disclosures or information about the
data processing practices of specific Services. These notices may supplement or clarify our
privacy practices or may provide you with additional choices about how we process your data.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 3. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT]
3. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal information is typically data that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable
individual. This includes information you provide to us, information which is collected about
you automatically, and information we obtain from third parties. The definition of personal
information depends on the applicable law based on your physical location. Only the
definition that applies to your physical location will apply to you under this Privacy Policy.

Information you provide to us: To establish an account and access our Services, we'll ask you
to provide us with some important information about yourself. This information is either
required by law (e.g. to verify your identity), necessary to provide the requested services (e.g.
you will need to provide your bank account number if you'd like to link that account to
Breadfast), or is relevant for certain specified purposes, described in greater detail below. As
we add new features and Services, you may be asked to provide additional information.

If you choose not to share certain information with us, we may not be able to serve you as
effectively or offer you our Services. Any information you provide to us that is not required is
voluntary.

We may collect the following types of information from you:

• Personal Identification Information: Full name, date of birth, nationality, utility bills,
photographs, phone number, home address, password, and/or email.
• Additional profile information (such as date of birth, gender, location, and preferred
language)
• Formal Identification Information: Your payment information (such as your
credit/debit card number, security/CVV code, expiration date, and/or any other
information deemed necessary to comply with our legal obligations under financial
or anti-money laundering laws.
• Transaction Information: Information about the transactions you make on our
Services, such as the name of the recipient, your name, the amount, and/or
timestamp.
• Your communications and contact history with us (such as service call recordings,
chat and instant messages, communications with our social media channels, Audio,
electronic, visual and similar information.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
| How we use information you give to us | Why we collect it |
|---|---|
| Registration | We need your name and contact details to create your account. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of certain services and offerings on the Site and the App, and to fulfill our contract with you when you place an order. |
| Accept payment, fulfill orders, provide refunds | We use your name and contact details to fulfill our contract with you and deliver your orders, and we use your payment information to process payments and comply with applicable law. |
| Application for financing solutions offered by financing providers | We collect your financing information on behalf of the financing provider you choose and send the information to that financing provider to facilitate your application to financing products. |
| Sending you account information | We need your name and contact details to deliver important account information to you, such as order confirmations and notices, changes to account settings, and notices about the Site, the App, or the terms and policies that apply to them. |
| To offer an improved user experience | We use your communications and contact history with us, as well as other information such as additional profile information, to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Site and the App and to personalize and customize your experience. |
| Analytics, training and quality assurance | We may use information you provide to us to train our staff, improve our services and offerings, and perform other internal analytics and performance monitoring. |
| Communication, marketing and advertising | We may use information you provide to us to deliver and personalize our communications with you, or to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities. We may also use automatically collected information to trigger marketing |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Information we collect from you automatically: To the extent permitted under the applicable
law, we may collect certain types of information automatically, such as whenever you interact
with the Sites or use the Services. This information helps us address customer support
issues, improve the performance of our Sites and Services, provide you with a streamlined
and personalized experience, and protect your account from fraud by detecting unauthorized
access. Information collected automatically includes:

• Online Identifiers: Geo location/tracking details, mobile GPS information, browser
information , operating system, browser name and version, and/or personal IP
addresses
• Usage Data: Authentication data, security questions, click-stream data, public social
networking posts, and other data collected via cookies and similar technologies.
• Purchase history and saved items (such as what you bought, what you've placed in
or removed from your cart, or what items you've saved)

We may also use identifiers to recognize you when you access our Sites via an external link,
such as a link appearing on a third party site. For example, we may automatically receive and
record the following information on our server logs:

• How you came to and use the Services;
• Log data and device information (such as details about how you've used the Site or
the App, IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information,
Device type and unique device identification numbers; device information, and
page/product views or clicks)
• Device event information (such as crashes, system activity and hardware settings,
browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral
URL);
• How your device interacts with our Sites and Services, including pages accessed
and links clicked;
• Broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location); and
• Other technical data collected through cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, mobile
identifier,. and other similar technologies that uniquely identify your browser.

Information we collect from our affiliates and third parties: From time to time, we may obtain
information about you from our affiliates or third party sources as required or permitted by
applicable law (for example if you link, connect, or login to the Site or the App with your
Google, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter accounts) or other sources (such as your contacts or
brands we partner with)

These sources may include:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• Databases & ID Verification Partners: We obtain information about you from
databases and ID verification partners for purposes of verifying your identity in
accordance with applicable law. Such information may include your name, address,
your email address, mailing address, phone number and password) and other
relevant data. We obtain such information to comply with our legal obligations. In
some cases, we may process additional data about you to assess risk and ensure
our Services are not used fraudulently or for other illicit activities. In such
instances, processing is necessary for us to continue to perform our contractual
obligations with you and others.
• Joint Marketing Partners & Resellers: For example, unless prohibited by applicable
law, joint marketing partners or resellers may share information about you with us
so that we can better understand which of our Services may be of interest to you.
• Advertising Networks & Analytics Providers: We work with these providers to provide
us with de-identified information about how you found our Sites and how you
interact with the Sites and Services. This information may be collected prior to
account creation.
• Social media handles (such as your Twitter or Instagram handle)
• Other information (such as demographic data, fraud detection information and
information about you and your activities, experiences and interactions on and off
the Site and the App)

| How we use information from third parties | Why we collect it |
|---|---|
| Registration and profile | We will use information from third party services if you register with us using another service, such as Facebook or Google, including Google's one-tap login service. Connecting to third- party applications or services is optional. If you create your account by connecting through another service, we will collect public information from that connected account to help complete your profile. |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
| | |
|---|---|
| Non-member referrals | We may obtain your information from a friend or other contact who wants to invite you to use the Site or App. We will use your information to facilitate your invitation and administer our referral program. |
| To create and maintain a secure environment | We may obtain your information from third party service providers and/or partners (e.g. identity verification services) and combine it with information we have about you for fraud prevention and risk assessment efforts. |

---
[SECTION: 5. HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED]
5. HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure,
smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We generally use personal information to
create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our Services, content and advertising; and for
loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes. We may use this information in the following ways:

• To maintain legal and regulatory compliance

Most of our core Services are subject to laws and regulations requiring us to collect, use, and
store your personal information in certain ways. For example, Breadfast must identify and
verify customers using our Services in order to comply with laws across jurisdictions. This
includes collection and storage of your identification. In addition, we use third parties to
verify your identity by comparing the personal information you provide against third-party
databases. When you seek to link a bank account to your Breadfast Account, we may require
you to provide additional information which we may use in collaboration with service
providers acting on our behalf to verify your identity or address, and/or to manage risk as

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Breadfast handles sensitive information, such as your identification and financial data, so it is
very important for us and our customers that we actively monitor, investigate, prevent, and
mitigate any potentially prohibited or illegal activities, enforce our agreements with third
parties, and/or prevent and detect violations of our posted user agreement or agreements for
other Services. In addition, we may need to collect fees based on your use of our Services. We
collect information about your account usage and closely monitor your interactions with our
Services. We may use any of your personal information collected for these purposes. The
consequences of not processing your personal information for such purposes is the
termination of your account.

---
• To provide Breadfast's Services

We process your personal information to provide the Services to you. For example, when you
want to require a service on our platform, we require certain information such as your
identification, contact information, and payment information. We cannot provide you with
Services without such information. Third parties such as identity verification services may
also access and/or collect your personal information when providing identity verification
and/or fraud prevention services.

---
• To provide customer service

We process your personal information when you contact us to resolve any questions,
disputes, collect fees, or to troubleshoot problems. Without processing your personal
information for such purposes, we cannot respond to your requests and ensure your
uninterrupted use of the Services.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• To enhance your experience

We process your personal information to provide a personalized experience, and implement
the preferences you request. For example, you may choose to provide us with access to
certain personal information stored by third parties. Without such processing, we may not be
able to ensure your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services.

---
We will not use your personal information for purposes other than those purposes we have
disclosed to you, without your permission. From time to time, and as required under the
applicable law, we may request your permission to allow us to share your personal
information with third parties. In such instances, you may opt out of having your personal
information shared with third parties, or allowing us to use your personal information for any
purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or
subsequently obtained your authorization. If you choose to limit the use of your personal
information, certain features or Breadfast Services may not be available to you.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
described above in the HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED Section, with the
corresponding legal bases for processing. If you have questions about or need further
information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information,
please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading
below.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 9. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION]
9. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store your personal information securely throughout the life of your Breadfast Account. We
will only retain your personal information for a minimum of six years or as long as necessary
to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any
legal, accounting, or reporting obligations or to resolve disputes. While retention requirements
vary by jurisdiction, information about our typical retention periods for different aspects of
your personal information are described below.

• Personal information collected to comply with our legal obligations under financial
or fraud detection laws may be retained after account closure for as long as
required under such laws.
• Information collected via technical means such as cookies, web page counters and
other analytics tools is kept for a period of up to one year from expiry of the
account.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 10. BREADFAST INTERNAL APPS]
BREADFAST DRIVER APP
This section applies to Delivery personnel, individuals who provide delivery of
goods from a retailer registered on Breadfast to a user who is using the
service and has requested through the app or website to be delivered specific
goods.

DATA COLLECTION AND USAGE
The following data is shared from Breadfast's main application and website to the Breadfast
Driver app to facilitate the delivery service:

• Data provided by users. This includes: name, email, phone number, address,
payment method chosen for a specific transaction.
• Data created during usage of the service by the Driver. This includes location data
(Breadfast collects this data when the Driver app is running in the foreground (app
open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen) of the Driver's
mobile device.
• Location data (Drivers and delivery recipients). We collect precise or approximate
location data from drivers mobile devices if they enable us to do so. Breadfast
collects this data from the time a ride or delivery is requested until it is finished,
and any time the app is running in the foreground of their mobile device. We use
this data to enhance the use of the Breadfast service, so our users can track the
progress of their delivery in real time, improve the pick up and drop off process and
detect possible fraud.
• Transaction information: We collect transaction information related to the use of
our services during the drop off, including the type of services requested or
provided, order details, delivery information, date and time the service was
provided, amount charged, distance traveled, and payment method.
• Device data: We may collect data about the devices used by the Driver to access
our services, including the hardware models, device IP address, operating systems
and versions, software, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, advertising
identifiers, serial numbers, device motion data, and mobile network data.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
BREADFAST PICKER APP
This section applies to Delivery personnel, individuals who provide delivery of goods from a
retailer registered on Breadfast to a user who is using the service and has requested through
the app or website to be delivered specific goods.

DATA COLLECTION AND USAGE
The following data is shared from Breadfast's main application and website to the Breadfast
Picker app to facilitate the delivery service:

• Data provided by users. This includes: name, email, phone number, address,
payment method chosen for a specific transaction.
• Data created during usage of the service by the Picker. This includes location data
(Breadfast collects this data when the Picker app is running in the foreground (app
open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen) of the Picker's
mobile device.
• Location data (Pickers and delivery recipients). We collect precise or approximate
location data from pickers mobile devices if they enable us to do so. Breadfast
collects this data from the time a ride or delivery is requested until it is finished,
and any time the app is running in the foreground of their mobile device. We use
this data to enhance the use of the Breadfast service, so our users can track the
progress of their delivery in real time, improve the pick up and drop off process and
detect possible fraud.
• Transaction information: We collect transaction information related to the use of
our services during the drop off, including the type of services requested or

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
HOW PERSONAL DATA IS USED ON THE PICKER APP:
Breadfast collects and uses data to enable reliable and convenient delivery, and other
products and services. We also use the data we collect:

• To enhance the safety and security of our Pickers and users
• Using device, location, profile, usage, and other data to prevent, detect, and combat
fraud or unsafe activities.
• For customer support data when needed, to investigate and address user concerns
• For research and development

---
DATA SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Breadfast may share the data we collect via the Picker app:

---
[SECTION: 11. THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES]
Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as contact details,
financial information, or location data, is governed by their privacy practices and Breadfast is
not responsible for unauthorized third-party conduct. We encourage you to learn about the
privacy practices of those third parties.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• Your Financial Services Providers: For example, if you send us funds from your bank
account, your bank will provide us with identifying information in addition to
information about your account in order to complete the transaction.

---
If you have a complaint about our privacy practices and our collection, use or disclosure of
personal information please submit your request through our contact information listed under
the HOW TO CONTACT US section.

---
• Access and portability. You may request that we provide you a copy of your personal
information held by us. This information will be provided without undue delay
subject to a potential fee associated with gathering of the information (as permitted
by law), unless such provision adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others.
In certain circumstances, you may request to receive your personal information in a
structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer
your personal information directly to another data controller.