Account Security
Certain features, resources or services offered on or through the website may require You to register for an account (including setting up a username and password) for which You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate and complete information as prompted by the website's registration forms; and (b) maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this website or otherwise, including, but not limited to, through the use of any interactive features on the website, is governed by our Privacy Policy (https://www.cognex.com/privacy-
policy), and You consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy. Without limiting any other matter contained herein, access to or use of the website may be suspended or terminated if Cognex reasonably believes any account information is false, inaccurate or incomplete. If You choose, or are provided with, a username, password as part of our security procedures, You must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information including your password (or other identifying information), and are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your account. You may not assign or transfer your account to any other person or entity without Cognex's prior written consent. You will not allow anyone else to use your account or password to access the website at any time. You agree to immediately notify Cognex of any unauthorized access to your account or password, or any other breach of security of which you become aware. You may be held liable for losses incurred by Cognex or other users of or visitor to the website due to someone else accessing the website using your account. Cognex will not be held liable for any loss or damage arising from a your failure to comply with these obligations. We have the right to disable any username, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by You or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, You have violated any provision of these Terms.

---
[SECTION: General Website Privacy Policy]
Cognex respects your privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any
personally identifiable information you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, such as
name, address, and telephone number). That is why Cognex has established this privacy policy (this
"General Website Privacy Policy") – so that you can understand the care with which we will treat your
information.

---
In general, you may visit www.cognex.com (https://www.cognex.com/) without telling us who you are or
revealing any personal information about yourself. However, at times, we may request that you share
personal information with us in order to obtain access to certain features of our website or to request
additional information from us. If you choose to provide personal information, we assure you that we will take
appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. If you
choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of our website, but you may be
unable to access certain areas, options, or services.

---
Cognex will use your information to better understand your needs for machine vision products and to
support your customer relationship with Cognex. Among other things, Cognex will utilize your information to
alert you to product upgrades and updated product information or to send you other literature and/or
information that you request.

---
From time to time, Cognex may contact you via phone, email, or postal mail
to notify you of various products and services. If you do not want to receive such communication,
simply tell us when you provide your personal information. You can easily opt-out of receiving further
marketing information from Cognex by unsubscribing (https://go.cognex.com/email-unsubscribe) at any time.

---
[SECTION: Global Data Protection Policy (non-U.S.*)]
In the course of its daily organizational activities, Cognex Corporation (together with its subsidiaries)
("Cognex", "Us”, “We”, “Our”) processes, stores and discloses Personal Data of customers and suppliers.
This policy provides guidelines for the treatment of such data. This policy (this “Global Data Protection
Policy") applies to all Personal Data collected, processed, stored and disclosed by Cognex in relation to our
suppliers and customers (located outside the United States, except California which is included within the
scope of this policy) in the course of our business activities.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Generally, Personal Data will be used only for the purposes for which it was originally collected (“Original
Purpose"). Under certain Data Privacy Legislation, Personal Data may be processed for a purpose other
than the purpose listed in the relevant data privacy notice or policy ("Secondary Purpose") only if the
Original Purpose and Secondary Purpose are closely related. Personal Data may be shared among Cognex
subsidiaries or affiliates within the scope of the Original Purpose or Secondary Purpose. When sharing
Personal Data, joint users will handle personal information in compliance with applicable Data Privacy
Legislation and this policy.

---
Data Protection Key Requirements
We have adopted key data protection requirements which must be followed in relation to all processing of
Personal Data. These key requirements are set out below, together with an explanation of what they entail.
In some countries, applicable Data Privacy Legislation may provide for civil and criminal sanctions if the
requirements are not met. The following key requirements are fundamental to this data protection policy.
In its capacity as a Controller, Cognex will observe the following when processing Personal Data:
a. Personal Data will be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
b. Personal Data will be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not processed
further in ways incompatible with those purposes.
c. Personal Data will be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes
for which it is collected and used.
d. Personal Data will be accurate and where necessary, kept up-to-date. Reasonable steps will be taken
to rectify or delete Personal Data that is inaccurate.
e. Personal Data will be kept no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data
was processed.
f. Personal Data will be processed in a manner that ensures confidentiality and appropriate security of
the personal data.
g. Personal Data will be processed in accordance with applicable Data Subjects' rights.
h. Where Personal Data is transferred outside the country or territory where it has been collected, such
transfer must be in full compliance with applicable Data Privacy Legislation.
i. Cognex will maintain records in order to demonstrate its compliance with Data Privacy Legislation.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Data Protection Requirements in Detail
1. Personal Data will be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
Cognex processes Personal Data in compliance with Data Privacy Legislation. In some countries, this will
mean that we will need to justify processing Personal Data by reference to specific requirements of
applicable Data Privacy Legislation. In other countries, this will mean that we must obtain consent from the
relevant Data Subject for any collection, use, processing, sharing or overseas transfer of his or her Personal
Data. More generally, processing will be lawful where permitted by applicable laws and regulations, or where
required by relevant authorities or court orders.

---
Personal Data must be processed fairly. In broad terms this means that we must ensure transparency of
processing so that Data Subjects are aware of who is processing their Personal Data and why. Where we
directly collect Personal Data, we will ensure that the Data Subjects are given a notice which will include:
■ the identity (including full name) and contact details of the Controller;
■ what, how and why Personal Data are processed, and the purposes for the processing; and
■ other information that is necessary under applicable Data Privacy Legislation (such as any recipients
of the data and their purposes, an outline of the Data Subject's rights, the security measures applied to
Personal Data, whether any of the information we are asking for is mandatory or voluntary, the
consequences of not providing mandatory Personal Data, whether there will be any transfers of
Personal Data to other countries, whether there will be any processing of Sensitive Data, and whether
there will be direct marketing activities using Personal Data).
Where required, Cognex will obtain the prior express or explicit consent of the Data Subject to the
processing as identified in the notice.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Where we collect Personal Data from third party advisors and consultants, we will make a data privacy
notice available to the Data Subject's first point of contact or as otherwise required under applicable Data Privacy
Legislation.

---
2. Personal Data will be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not processed further in
ways incompatible with those purposes.
This key requirement breaks down into two important requirements: firstly, that Personal Data must be
obtained only for one or more specified, explicit and lawful purposes; and secondly, that Personal Data must
not be further processed in any manner incompatible with the purpose or purposes for which the data was
obtained. A breach of either requirement could also result in a breach of the requirement to ensure data is
processed lawfully and in a transparent manner. For example, if a data privacy notice describes the
purposes for which Personal Data will be used as administration, marketing and risk assessment, we should
not use that Personal Data for any other purposes, unless those additional purposes would be reasonable
and expected by the Data Subject or in certain countries additional consent has been obtained from the
Data Subject with respect to the additional purposes.

---
3. Personal Data will be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for
which it is collected and used.
Personal Data must be adequate, relevant and limited to the extent that is necessary. We therefore apply the
following principles:
■ we identify the Personal Data needed for a particular purpose and collect the minimum amount
required to properly fulfil that purpose;
■ we keep Personal Data up to date (otherwise Personal Data may no longer be adequate); and
■ we do not keep Personal Data for longer than is necessary.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
8. Where Personal Data is transferred outside the country or territory where it has been collected, such
transfer must be in full compliance with Data Privacy Legislation.
Personal Data must only be transferred to a country or territory other than the country where either: (a) the
Data Subject from which it was collected is resident; or (b) the Cognex affiliated company that collected it is
established, in accordance with Data Privacy Legislation, which may include putting in place an appropriate
data transfer safeguard, or ensuring that the country where Personal Data is transferred has comparable
levels of protection and security of Personal Data. Under certain Data Privacy Legislation, there may be
additional requirements with which we must comply before transferring any Personal Data outside of the
territory from which it has been collected, including without limitation, having obtained explicit consent from
Data Subjects with respect to such transfer of Personal Data and undertaken certain security assessments
mandated by local laws and regulations. The Cognex group has an appropriate intra-group data transfer
agreement in place which permits it to make transfers within its network of offices in respect of data received
from customers.

---
[SECTION: Definitions]
processed, process, processing: In relation to information or data, means obtaining, recording or holding
the information or data or carrying out any operation or set of operations on the information or data,
including (a) organization, adaptation or alteration of the information or data, (b) retrieval, consultation or use
of the information or data, (c) disclosure of the information or data by transmission, dissemination or
otherwise making available, or (d) alignment, combination, blocking, erasure or destruction of the
information or data.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Cookie Policy]
Use of Cookies on our Website
How we use cookies and other methods for the collection of website usage data
Some of our web pages utilize "cookies" and similar tracking technologies so that we can better serve you
with tailored information when you return to our website. Cookies are small files that our website may send
to your browser, and it is kept on your computer to make our website function properly, to provide business
and marketing information to us and to facilitate your next visit to our website. The cookie data may improve
form interactions based on information you have previously given to us. For example, in some cases, we will
allow you to bypass a web form if a form cookie exists, or we may pre-fill a form with previously supplied
information. In general, you can visit the Cognex website without telling us who you are or revealing
any personal information about yourself, such as your name, phone number, postal code or email address.

---
Our web server collects IP addresses to obtain certain aggregate information concerning the use of our
website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing
the web. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. Therefore, you can remain
anonymous when you visit our website. Occasionally you may be asked to give us more specific information
about yourself, such as when you download software, register for a seminar or other event, respond to a
survey, interact with the chat function on our website, enter a contest from our website, and register at the
customer portal. Supplying such information to us is optional, but you may be unable to complete certain
transactions without giving such information.

---
Types and kinds of cookies
There are four types of cookies:
■ Strictly necessary - Technically essential to the provision of our website. For example, some cookies
are used to enable secure login to restricted areas.
■ Performance - Monitor and assess our website and its use. For example, recording visits to reveal
how a website is used and which parts are most popular.
■ Functionality - Enable additional functionality to improve user experience. For example, recording
settings for future visits so as to save users having to repeat making the same choices.
■ Advertising/targeting - Use an identification number to monitor personal preferences for the
purposes of personalizing pages and gathering further information. For example, presenting adverts or
promotions for products similar to those previously viewed or purchased.

---
Cookies on our website
Our website uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the
information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an
anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and
the pages they visited. You can "opt-out" of this web-site analysis tool by downloading and installing the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
(https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

---
Cognex uses the services of Salesforce Marketing Cloud Account Engagement to help us measure and
analyze the effectiveness of our website and how visitors use www.cognex.com (https://www.cognex.com/).
Account Engagement tracks visitor and prospect activities on our website by setting cookies on their
browsers. Cookies are set to remember preferences (like form field values) when a visitor returns to our site,
the pages visited and navigation patterns, which helps us learn how visitors use our website, and what
information is of the most interest to our customers and visitors to our website. Once consent is provided,
through a form submission by the visitor, we can associate a visitor's ID to individual characteristics and past
behavior. See more at: https://www.salesforce.com/ap/company/privacy/
(https://www.salesforce.com/ap/company/privacy/)

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Our website uses Qualified Pipeline Al to enable its chat function. Qualified uses cookies to assist in
understanding our visitors, their interaction with Qualified chat and to assist with account-based marketing.
You can elect not to enable Qualified cookies by choosing not to interact with Cognex's website chat
function. Please refer to Qualified's Cookie Policy at: https://www.qualified.com/legal/cookie-policy
(https://www.qualified.com/legal/cookie-policy).

---
Cognex uses Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise online using text or image ads. Remarketing is a
feature that lets us reach people who have previously visited our website, and show them relevant ads when
they visit other websites. Google use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. For
this purpose third party advertising provider cookies are set when you visit our website. Users may opt out of
Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page
(https://www.google.com/settings/ads/).

---
Our website uses Google Adwords Conversion Tracking which uses cookies to help us determine how
many people who clicked on our Google Ads end up contacting us through the website. This tracking cookie
is set on your browser only when you click on a Google Ad and these cookies help us increase the website's
effectiveness for our visitors. These cookies expire within 30 days and do not contain information that can
identify you personally. Please refer to the Google Advertising Privacy Notice
(http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/) for more information about Google Conversion Tracking
and the ability to opt out.

---
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services
like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are
likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.

---
[SECTION: Supplementary Provisions (Handling of the Personal Data of Data Subjects Residing in Japan)]
1. Notification of a Purpose of Use when Acquiring Personal Data
Please see the General Website Privacy Policy and Global Data Protection Policy above.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Supplementary Provisions (Handling of the Personal Data of Data Subjects Residing in the People's Republic of China)]
Where it relates to the collection, storage, use, processing, transferring, provision, disclosure, deletion, and
other processing of the Personal Information of natural persons in the People's Republic of China (“PRC")
by Cognex, these supplementary provisions (this “PRC Supplement”) enhance or modify the Website Terms
of Use, General Website Privacy Policy, and Global Data Protection Policy (collectively, the “Global Policy")
in accordance with applicable PRC laws and regulations, such as the Personal Information Protection Law
(“PIPL”), as well as relevant national standards of the PRC.

---
Cross-Border Transfer of Your Personal Information
Cognex entities are based outside of the PRC. For the purposes of providing quality services and products
to you, your Personal Information will be collected, processed and stored by us on our servers located in the
United States, which is outside of the PRC and constitutes cross-border data transfer.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Children Under the Age of 14
This Website is not intended for, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from, children under
the age of 14. If we become aware that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child
under the age of 14, we will delete the Personal Information.

---
[SECTION: Definitions]
Personal Information: Refers to all kinds of information related to identified or identifiable natural persons
recorded by electronic or other means, excluding the information processed anonymously.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
If Cognex decides to change any of these policies, agreements and supplements, we will post those
changes on this page so that you are always aware of what terms are applicable to your access and use of
this website and what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.