This Privacy Policy, along with our Terms of Service explains how we collect and handle your
information across all of our websites, mobile apps and other services. We may review this
policy from time to time and make sure that it is up-to-date. In case we make changes to the
policy we will post the latest version here.

---
[SECTION: 1. Introduction]
We at MACHAPP Software Ltd, a company registered in Cyprus with company registration
number HE344069 and its registered office at Avenue Georgiou Neofytou 8, AGATE House,
#201, 4006. Limassol, take the protection of your personal data very seriously and nothing
matters more to us than your trust.
We have redesigned this Privacy Policy to help you understand what data we and our trusted
partners collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. Please take your time and read this
document carefully.

---
By choosing to use our Apps or Services you agree to the collection of information as
described in this Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: 2. Information we collect and use]
When you interact with our Apps, our trusted partners may collect information about your
device. The process of collecting data is designed so that it avoids collection of information
that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address or similar; instead,
the information collected does enable us and our partners to recognize your device over time
for purposes of improving the quality of our products and your experience with them.

---
As a general rule, we do not collect or share any information that may be used to identify you
as a person except when you contact us by email. In that case we will save your emails in
order to serve you better. Once we are finished providing support to you we will delete all
emails received by and sent to you. Please note that we take all the necessary steps to
safeguard any personal information you may provide by email using strong passwords and 2-
step authentication.

---
Information that is collected by our partners may be divided into the following categories.

---
[SECTION: A. Information for showing personalized ads]
Note: This section (Section A) applies only to Apps that display ads. It does not apply to the
following:
1. Apps that do not display ads
2. Pro (Ad-free) Apps that are available with a one-time purchase
3. Apps that have been upgraded to Premium via a paid subscription and do not display ads
In order to provide our Apps to you for free we display ads. To display ads, we work with our
ad partners who may have their SDK/API integrated with our Apps. In order to improve user
targeting, which is important for interest-based ads and marketing solutions relevant to the
user, our partners may obtain and lawfully use information such as the following:
a) Device and account identifiers - Ad id (advertising id), app set ID and other identifiers
related to accounts that are signed-in on the device.
b) IP address - Can be used to estimate the general location of a device
c) User product interactions and interaction information - App launches, taps and video
views
d) Diagnostic information - Information is related to the performance of our Apps and the
SDK, crash logs, app launch time, hang time and energy usage.
e) Precise location - Ad networks may obtain your location in order to show to you relevant
ads.
This information may be shared with their clients for the permitted purposes stated above
(whether within or outside of the country of origin). All such collection permitted processing
and transfer will be in accordance with applicable data privacy laws.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: B. Information for analyzing application performance issues and crashes]
In order to improve our Apps, we use third party services (our analytics partners) to collect
and analyze error and performance issues. The information collected in the case of an error
is divided into two categories.
• Device/hardware information
Includes information such as device model, screen information, total memory, internal
and external storage, device language, and Android version
• Error or performance related information
Includes error description, time that the error occurred, stack trace (a detailed error
report), free memory and free disk space at the time of the error, etc.

---
[SECTION: C. Information for app functionality]
Some information may be used to enable additional functionality in some of our apps. The
information that we use to do this includes the following:
• Installed applications
In case you choose to assign a custom application to one of our widget hot spots we
obtain all applications that are installed on your device; this is needed so that we can
present you with a list of the applications you have installed and you can choose which
one to launch when you click on a widget hot spot. Any application-related information
we access does not leave your device we simply use it to show you the list of your
apps.
• Precise location (or fine location)
In case you choose to let our app follow your location (you choose the 'Use my location'
option under settings) our app will detect your current location at a specific time
intervals and provide you with local weather forecasts and notifications.

---
[SECTION: D. Information for improving our services]

---
[PAGE BREAK]
When you use our Apps, we use our analytics partners to collect usage statistics and trends.
The reason we collect this information is so that we can improve your experience with our
Apps by improving existing functionality and adding new functionality.

---
The information that we collect in this case includes information that is collected in section B
above as well as usage statistics. Usage statistics include information on how often a user
opens a specific page inside the app, icons and themes used, widgets used, etc.

---
[SECTION: E. Account information]
Note: This information applies only to users of our Bliss application in the case that they
choose to join the Bliss Community.
When you join the Bliss Community we will store the following information on our secure
servers:
a) The automatically generated username or the one that you provide at the time of
registration
b) A unique identifier (an automatically generated alphanumeric string) that is used to
identify your account
c) The mixes you have created with our app at the time of joining the Bliss Community
d) Any mixes you create after you have joined the Bliss Community.
e) Aggregated statistics about app usage (this is aggregated and anonymous, i.e., not linked
to a user's account)

---
We save the above information so that we can perform the following actions:
a) Enable all members of the Bliss Community to have access to the mixes that each of the
members shares.
b) Backup the mixes you create and restore them in case you lose them, uninstall and
reinstall the application or install the application on another device.
c) Display mixes that are popular among the Bliss Community.
d) Improve the user experience with our app and services.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
Note that no matter the method you use to join the Bliss Community, the data we collect and
the way we use it is always the same.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: 5. Our Analytics partners]
We use the following partners to collect error and performance information, identify issues in
our Apps, analyze our traffic and usage trends and improve our services to you.

---
In order to provide the above information, our partners may obtain and lawfully use
information such as the following:
• Crashlytics Installation UUIDs, Crash traces, Breakpad minidump formatted data
(to provide crash-related information)
• Firebase installation IDs (to help Firebase In-app messaging determine which devices
to deliver a message, associate predictions with a project, deliver configuration values to
end-user devices and more)
• Mobile ad IDs, IDFVs/Android IDs, Firebase installation IDs, Analytics App Instance
IDs (to provide analytics and attribution information)
• Firebase user agent (used internally by Google to determine platform and version
adoption in order to provide and improve Firebase services)

---
[PAGE BREAK]
If you live in the USA, Europe or Canada, you can also opt-out from the collection of your
information by some or all of our advertising partners who participate in the Digital
Advertising Alliance by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices (for US users),
youronlinechoices.com (for European users) or youradchoices.ca/choices (for Canadian
users).

---
If you have any questions regarding the collection of data you can contact our ad partners
and analytics partners directly - see sections 3 and 4 above.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents]
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents, upon a verifiable
consumer request, certain rights concerning their personal information that we collect. Those
rights include the right to request disclosure of data collected, deletion of data, and opting
out of the sale of personal information. To exercise your CCPA data access, data portability,
and deletion rights, please submit a verifiable consumer request by contacting us at the email
provided under the Controller section. Pursuant to the CCPA, we do not sell your personal
information. For more information on how we process data under the CCPA, please contact
us. We will retain personal information collected subject to CCPA for the periods described
under the Data Retention section.

---
[SECTION: Privacy Rights for Virginia Residents]
If you are a resident of Virginia, you have rights and protections under the Virginia Consumer
Data Protection Act (VCDPA) in relation to your personal data collected by businesses. This
includes the right to access your personal data that we and our partners process, correct
inaccuracies, delete your data, and opt out of certain data processing practices. To exercise
your rights under the VCDPA related to data collected through use of our Android app, please
contact us at the email provided under the Controller section with your request and we will
assist with facilitating your VCDPA rights with our advertising and analytics partners. Please
specify Virginia VCDPA in your request. We will confirm receipt of your VCDPA request within
5 days and respond substantively to all valid requests within 45 days as required by Virginia
law.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
As we do not directly collect or store any personal user data within our Android app, data
retention responsibilities fall to our trusted advertising and analytics partners who may
collect some usage data through interactions with our app. Based on our agreements, data
retained by these companies related to our app is stored as long as necessary to fulfill their
business purposes, which may include attribution, analytics, providing relevant advertising,
personalization of services, compliance with legal obligations, and other legitimate interests.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of our partners to understand their specific
retention periods that may apply to data linked to you through use of our app. As a general
rule, most data is typically retained for anywhere from 6 months to 5 years, depending on the
type of data and its use cases within their systems. However, you have the right to request
deletion of your information by contacting our partners directly at any time.

---
In case our practices regarding previously collected information change in a way that would
be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the
time we collected the information, then we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and
obtain consent prior to any such uses as may be required by law.