Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we
collect and use information about you, our
•
•
merchants using Shopify to power your business
customers who shop at a Shopify-powered business
• partners who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on
behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or
otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered
business
•
•
users of Shopify apps and services like Shop or Shop Pay
visitors to Shopify's websites, or anyone contacting Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use,
and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices,
we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will
let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).

---
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our
services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we
really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information
when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products,
our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build
with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your
information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to
your benefit.

---
We may also process your personal information where you have provided
your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal
basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third
party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it
already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for
your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing
activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by
changing your communication choices, opting out from our
communications or by contacting us.

---
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or
visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to
understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and
legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.

---
Where Shopify acts as processor or service provider of your personal
data on behalf of Shopify merchants, you need to directly contact the
merchant you interacted with. For more information about how merchants
collect and use your data when you visit and make purchases in their
stores, review the specific Merchant's terms and privacy policy. In some
cases, we may offer tools and assistance to merchants to help fulfill these
requests.

---
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal
information is received by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your
information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service
providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where
we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal
information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in
accordance with applicable law.

---
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill
the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate
retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your
personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or
disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your
personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other
means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use
your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our
legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop
using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete
your information or store your information in an aggregated and
anonymized format.

---
How we use "cookies" and other tracking
technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies on our website and
when providing our services. For more information about how we use
these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies
on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant's
store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of
cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.

---
If you are located in Canada or the United States, your personal
information is received by:
Shopify Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
151 O'Connor Street
Ground Floor
Ottawa
Ontario
K2P 2L8
Canada

---
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or
Africa, your personal information is received by:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland

---
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand, your personal
information is received by:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer

---
[PAGE BREAK]
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice ("US Notice") supplements
our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com (together, the "Shopify Privacy Policies").
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is
designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose
your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and
where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various
applicable privacy laws in the US, such as the California Consumer
Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning
Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy
Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the "US
Privacy Laws").

---
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information
about you, including personal information.

---
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have
collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have
disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.

---
| CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED | RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION |
|---|---|
| • Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number; | • Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors; |
| • Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information; | • Advertisers and marketing vendors; |
| • Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about | • Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from; |
| | • Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
| CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED | RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION |
|---|---|
| you and your business (if you are a merchant); | such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores; |
| • Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them. | |
| • Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites; | • Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm. |
| • Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address; | |
| • Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience; | |
| • Other information you provide; and | |
| • Sensitive personal information, which may include: | |
| • Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver's license, state identification card, or passport number; | |
| • Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account); | |
| • Your device's precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information); | |
| • Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal | |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
| CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED | RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION |
|---|---|
| certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation | |
| • The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop). | |

---
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in
the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal
information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information
either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise
permitted by law.

---
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use
personal information provided by:
•
•
•
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our
platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit
a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of
Shopify's websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account
and payment information you provide to us (including information
about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items
you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and
how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users
on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you
browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may
enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices
you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected
devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this
information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us
provide you with our services including the following:
•
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your
third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their

---
[PAGE BREAK]
terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we
receive information to identify shopping-related emails and
display within Shop information about specific orders you have
made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related
information.
• Service Providers. We receive information from our service
providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like
reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
• Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information
about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or
platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through
Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to
personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to
determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment
methods.
• Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud
hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging,
fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to
provide you with our services. For more information, see
Shopify's subprocessors.
• Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through
our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook "like"
button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing
information to help measure how users interact with our website
content. For more information about how we use these
technologies, see our Cookie Policy.

---
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to
certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
• Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the
personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and

---
[PAGE BREAK]
information about our data practices.
• Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct
inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
• Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete
personal information that we have collected about you.

---
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our
products and services, we may need to verify your identity before
processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect
additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address
or a government issued ID.

---
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to
make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to
submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as
a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your
request to protect your information.