Achat collects personal information from its users, such as their nickname, gender, and date of birth. Users have control over their user profile and can
access their "Profile" page to correct or update their information. By accessing or using Achat, users agree to the Privacy Policy and consent to the
collection, storage, use, and disclosure of their personal information as outlined in the Policy. Achat reserves the right to change the Policy without
notice, so users are encouraged to regularly check for updates. If a user does not accept or agree with the Privacy Policy, they should not access or use
the app.

---

To join Achat, you will need to provide us with information about yourself to facilitate easier friend-making. This includes your nickname, gender, and
date of birth. You have full control over your user profile, and you can access your "Profile" page at any time to view and update your details by simply
logging into Achat.

---

1. What information does Achat collect?
(1) Information provided by Users
a. Your mobile number and SMS verification code: We will send a verification code to your mobile number via SMS to confirm your identity.
Failure to provide the verification code will result in a failed registration, and you will not be able to use our services. Please note that the mobile
number you provide will serve as your user account and identity credential for logging in.
b. Password: You must set a login password for your account as part of the verification process.
c. Date of Birth: Prior to registering a Achat account, you must provide your date of birth to determine if you meet the qualifications for user
registration. If you are a minor, you are not permitted to use the Achat app or services.
d. Gender: During the registration process, you must provide your gender. This information allows us to provide more targeted matching services
based on your gender. Failure to provide this information will result in a failed registration, and you will not be able to use the Achat app or
services.
e. User Profile: You may create your profile by creating your avatar with the tool provided by us, setting your nickname, region and providing a
self-introduction of you.
f. Content uploaded by users: When uploading Posts or commenting on other users' Posts, you agree to share with us the text information posted,
pictures, audio and video uploaded. If you do not want to provide such information, please do not use functions related to content publication.
g. Chat: You may use Achat Services to chat with other registered users, freely choose between text chat and/or voice chat according to your need.
We collect your activity information including with whom you have talked, at which time and for how long. Unless specifically required by
applicable laws, we will not access to the chat content including your text and/or voice information. If you do not want to provide such
information, please do not use functions related to chatting.
h. Help & Support:If you have any feedback or suggestion or want to express your complaint to Soul Products and/or Services, you may provide
your comments through “Mine" - "Settings"- "Help & Feedback" within our App. You will need to describe the issue, upload proof photos, text to
help us understand your issues and find corresponding solutions. And we will receive your ticket of feedback also reply back.
(2) Personal information automatically collected during the use of our App
When you use Achat, we will collect certain information from your device, including device model, device ID (Android ID, IMEI, IMSI, Mac
address), software list, device running status information, operating system version, network log, internet connection situation, software usage records
and IP address. We collect such information to perform bug analysis and take anti-spam measures, to ensure your normal use of Achat, and to
safeguard your account security. The information mentioned above is the basic information we need to provide you with our services. If you refuse to
provide such device information, we may not be able to provide you with the normal services.
We may also use the above mentioned information we collect automatically from your device to improve and optimize our product experience. In such
circumstances, we will only process your device information based on your authorization and/or other available lawful basis provided in applicable
data protection laws.
(3) Information we receive from others
According to the information provided in this document, users are required to provide their mobile number, SMS verification code, password, date of
birth, and gender during the registration process for Achat. This information is necessary for identity verification, account creation, and personalized
matching services. It is important to note that individuals who are minors are not permitted to use the Achat app or services.
In addition to the information users provide directly, Achat may also receive information about them from others, including through their social media
accounts. For example, if users choose to create and log into their Achat accounts using their social media or other accounts (such as Facebook,
Google, or Apple), certain information may be shared with Achat as authorized by the user. This information can include basic profile details like
name, profile picture, email address, and other publicly available information. This streamlined process allows users to easily connect their social
media accounts with their Achat account.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
2. System permission inquired by Achat
(1)As mentioned above, in order to provide you with Achat service, we may need to be granted permission to your system (not including permissions
granted to third parties) to collect relevant personal information.
(2)After you grant us permission to push notification, we will send you push notifications for you to receive and understand our notice in time. If you
refuse to permit such access, you will not be able to receive our notifications.
(3)Access to photo album and storage
After you grant us this access permission, we will access your photo album and use the storage function on your device. It will be used for you to
upload texts, pictures, videos and other content in your device, and to cache the text, picture and video content generated during your use
of Achat service. Please note that, we will not access your local storage content. If you refuse to grant us such access, you will not be able to use the
functions that require this access permission.
(4) Access to microphone
After you grant us this access permission, we will use the microphone on your device and recognize the voice information you transmit. This access
will be used to perform voice input and voice changing functions, and to collect and recognize voice information input while triggering such functions.
If you refuse to permit such access, you will not be able to use the functions that require this access permission.

---

3. How we use your information
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
a. help you efficiently access your information after you sign in;
b. remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
c. provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing;
d. provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
e. develop and test new products and features;
f. monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
g. diagnose or fix technology problems;
h. automatically update the APP on your device Achat or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities ("Events") on the
Service. If you do not want to participate in an Event, do not use the particular Metadata (i.e. hashtag) associated with that Event.

---

h. We access, preserve and share your Personal Information with regulators, law enforcement or others where we reasonably believe such
disclosure is needed to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use,
including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or
technical issues, (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or other third parties; or (e) to
maintain and protect the security and integrity of Achat Services or infrastructure.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
j. Third party SDK provider: Achat may integrate third-party SDKs or similar applications. By using these third-party services on our platform,
you agree to the direct collection and processing of your information through embedded code or widgets. These third parties follow their own
privacy policies for data handling, separate from ours. Nevertheless, we carefully assess these third parties' qualifications and enforce legal,
secure, and compliant standards. To better protect your information, we recommend reviewing the privacy policies of each third-party provider
before using their SDKs. If you detect any potential risks associated with these SDKs or applications, please cease use immediately and contact
us. For a detailed list of third-party SDKs, please refer to: https://www.achat.live/third-party-sdk-list

---

5. Data storage
Achat is a global social application operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including Singapore. If you live in a
country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of
residence. By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by making use of the applications available on
Achat, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of your personal information in, any such countries and
destinations.

---

We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have
received your information we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent authorized access.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
8. Your rights
Some jurisdictions' laws grant specific rights to Achat users, which are set out in this section. You may have all or some of the following rights set forth
below according to applicable laws. We will respond to your request consistent with the applicable laws as soon as practicable, normally within one
month, after proper verification procedures. Your exercise of these rights is usually free of charge, unless we deem it is chargeable under the applicable
laws.
a. Right to access-You may submit a request to access the Personal Information we collect about you by (a) using Help or Feedback function on
Achat Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at service@ahchat.live.
b. Right to rectification-You may submit a request to rectify the Personal Information we collect about you by (a) using Help or Feedback function
on Achat Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at service@ahchat.live.
c. Right to delete or erasure-You may submit a request to delete/erase the Personal Information we collect about you by (a) using Help or
Feedback function on Achat Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at service@ahchat.live. Though we cannot guarantee a
complete erasure of your data that has been stored in our backup servers, we promise that we will not use the data within the backup servers for
any other purpose.
d. Right to data portability-You may ask us to transfer some of your Personal Information, if it is collected on the basis of your consent, in
structured, commonly used and machine-readable formats to you or other environments designated by you, if technically feasible, by (a) using
Help or Feedback function on Achat Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at service@ahchat.live.
e. Right to withdraw consent-You may withdraw your consent and ask us not to continue to collect or process your Personal Information at any
time if that information is collected on the basis of your consent by (a) using Help or Feedback function on Achat Services or (b) by sending your
request to us via email. Your exercise of this right will not affect the processing activities that occurred before your withdrawal.
f. Right to restrict processing-You may request us to stop processing your Personal Information if you believe such information is collected
unlawfully or you have other reason by (a) using Help or Feedback function on Achat Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
service@ahchat.live. We will examine your request and respond accordingly.
g. Right to object-You may object to the processing of any Personal Information we collect about you, if such information is collected on the basis
of legitimate interests, at any time by (a) using Help or Feedback function on Achat Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
service@ahchat.live. Please note that we may reject your request if we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which
override your interests and freedom or the processing is for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 18 we will delete this information and
terminate the person's account. If you believe that we have collected information from a child under the age of 18 on the Platform, please contact us at
service@ahchat.live. We will deactivate the relevant Account(s) and will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such Personal Data from our
records.

---

16. IP Protection
Achat has a strong commitment to upholding intellectual property laws and has implemented a policy to address any instances of infringement on its
products and services. If you believe that any materials or content within Achat's app violate copyrights, trademarks, patents, or trade secrets (referred
to collectively as "IP Rights"), please submit a notice of infringement to Achat's designated agent. This notice should include a physical signature from
the owner of the infringed IP Right.
(1) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location on the Achat network, with sufficient detail so that Achat is
capable of finding the material and verifying its existence. Please address your intention to remove the alleged infringed materials.
(2) Contact information, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
(3) A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the IP Right owner, its agent or law.
(4) A statement by you that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the IP Right owner or
authorized to act on the IP Right owner's Behalf.
(5) Agree to undertake compensation responsibility to Achat for any false and incorrect information addressed in above statements.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
If I put other information about me on the Achat, what does Achat do with it?
Achat takes the privacy and security of user information seriously. Any information that you provide on Achat, such as your profile information or
messages, may be accessible to other users of the service. It is important to be cautious about the information you disclose and to avoid sharing
sensitive personal details, such as email addresses, phone numbers, or credit card information, in your profile. Achat does not recommend or endorse
sharing such information, as it may be subject to misuse or abuse. If you violate the terms of service, Achat reserves the right to terminate your
account.

---

Can Achat collect information about me from other sites I use, such as Facebook?
You can register with third party accounts on Achat. Remember that when you register with a Achat partner, you are also giving them personal
information, so we recommend that you read their privacy policies as Achat does not control how they use their information.
If you have registered on one of our partner websites, or you have verified your account via a partner website, we may connect your Achat profile with
your profile on such a partner website. We may do this by way of new products and applications which we introduce from time to time, including new
products powered by our group companies.

---

Does Achat collect any other personal information about me?
If you contact our Customer Support team via feedback features in our Service or through any other means, we may receive your email address, your
IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query. When you provide feedback to us you automatically consent us to
receive and use such information. You also consent that we are allowed to keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that
we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).

---

Does Achat use my personal information for any other purpose?
We may use material that you post on the open access areas of Achat in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner products.
We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor your online experience to meet your needs.

---

When I put information about myself on Achat, what do the other users see?
To ensure you get to meet as many people as possible on Achat, other users get to see all information on your Profile. Any information you choose to
provide should reflect how much you want other Achat users to know about you.
The content you want to post in your moment you can select to whom you want your moments to be seen, before posting a content you can select "Public",
"Show to friends”, or show “only to yourself". After posting you can also go to your profile page and select to delete it.