What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application does not provide an option to create an account therefore, we do not store nor have access to your
entries and data. Your data are stored only locally on your device.
Device data This data informs us about the device you use to access our services, such as the model, name and
identifiers, device settings, application identifier, and crash information. On our website, we collect information
about your browser and browser settings, the operating system you use, and the system settings of your device.
This information helps us to fix bugs, tailor our services to our users' devices and improve our services.

---

Event and usage data When you use the app or when you go to our website, our servers process data in order to
understand your usage of our services—for example, which pages you visit or which tab in the app you open. We
collect this information and use it as aggregate data to better understand which features are the most relevant or
useful to our users as a whole and to communicate with you about relevant and timely information and promotional
content.

---

IP address We collect IP addresses provided by your browser or mobile device to deliver the service to your device.
We also use the IP address to determine your approximate location for statistical and analytics purposes, and for
regulatory compliance in different countries. To be clear, we do not collect your precise location.

---

We obtain your email address when you request support via email.

---

Analytics
The application does NOT collect any usage or crash reporting data without your consent.
If you've agreed to data collection, the application collects some user data that are essential for us to deliver our
services, to understand your needs and to improve our services. For example, the application collects how much
time users spent on certain screens or which features are popular. The analytics services automatically collect
certain information that does not personally identify our end users who access or use our mobile applications. This
information includes but is not limited to device state information, unique device identifiers, installation UUID,
device hardware and OS information, information relating to how application functions or anonymized IP addresses.

---

Android
We use the following third-party services for our Android app:
We collect certain data that allows us to analyze how you interact with our app and fix bugs. We do use third-party
tools to help us with this. But we are careful to only let them process usage data and minimal personal data. To be
clear, these third party services are not permitted to use the data for any other purpose than to help us run the app.

---

Google Analytics, Flurry Analytics, Firebase, Meta Analytics & Amplitude
• This service helps us to collect and analyze usage data in order to understand usage patterns and to improve
our Android app.
• Personal data collected: various usage and device data such as cookies, unique device identifiers, usage data,
anonymized IP addresses

---

• Firebase Crash Reporting (Google Inc.)
• This service helps us to identify crashes and errors in our app. It helps us to improve the reliability and stability
of our Android app.
• Personal data collected: Instance IDs, Crash traces

---

Advertising
Advertising helps us to keep our app free. The premium version of our app does not serve any ads. The ad's
content is NOT based on your entries or notes. We don't share your data with the ads providers.
■ The free version of our Android app uses the following service:AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.), Facebook
Audience NetworkWe use AdMob, Facebook Audience Network to display ad banners and other
advertisements possibly based on your interests. AdMob, Facebook Audience Network may or may not use
cookies to identify users and they may use the behavioural retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored
to your interests and behaviour, including those detected outside our app. For example, if you've previously
visited e-shop selling shoes you might see more ads promoting shoes or shoe shops.

---

We may receive your personal data from advertising partners.
• We may receive your personal data from advertising partners.
• Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Ο
Firebase : https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy.
Ο
Facebook Audience Network (Meta) : https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
○ ironSource : https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-
policy.
• Flurry: https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html
• Applovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
• Pangle: https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy/enduser-en
• Unity: https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-policy
Ο
LiftOff: https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/

---

• Sale, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing,
disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing,
or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's Personal information to another business or a third
party for monetary or other valuable consideration.We use AdMob, Facebook Audience Network,
Applovin, Mopub, Pangle, Unity, LiftOff to display ad banners and other advertisements possibly based
on your interests. AdMob, Facebook Audience Network, Applovin, Mopub, Pangle, Unity, LiftOff may or
may not use cookies to identify users and they may use the behavioural retargeting technique, i.e.
displaying ads tailored to your interests and behaviour, including those detected outside our app. For
example, if you've previously visited e-shop selling shoes you might see more ads promoting shoes or
shoe shops. The app does not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the age of 17.

---

Personal data collected: Cookies, Google Advertiser ID

---

The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the
purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company
information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the
Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.

---

The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from the Company
information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected
The sources from which the Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data
Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You

---

The right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that
have been collected in the past 12 months.

---

You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on
your mobile device

---

The app does not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the age of 13.