1.1 INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy concerns the products of AiScore (anything marked as 'we, us, our' and similar in this policy will refer to AiScore) – our
website m.aiscore.com and our mobile applications. In order to provide our services, we have to collect some personal data. This privacy policy
explains what data do we collect, how and why do we process and keep it, how you can contact us and find out about your privacy rights, as
well as show our commitment to protection of your information.
---
1.3 THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Please do keep in mind that we aren't in control of the data our partner websites collect and share. While we are committed to guarding your
privacy and safety in every way possible, if you're leaving aiscore.com by clicking on a plug-in or a link you find on our site, personal data they
collect is out of our hands. We strongly recommend you to read the privacy policies of those sites first.
---
2 Types of Data collected - what do we collect?
---
2.1 COLLECTED DATA
Among the types of personal data that we collect, by itself or through third parties, are: Email, Cookie and Usage Data. If we need any other
personal data collected at some point, it will either be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text
contextually with the data collection, meaning you will be asked and fully informed about it. That means the personal data we collect may be
freely provided by the user, or collected
---
2.2 USER ACCOUNT
In order to provide a better service for our users, we have - for a long time - had a feature of user account. Now, with your privacy more
important than ever before, we are clarifying the way your personal data concerning user account is collected and stored.
Personal data refers to information that can identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, or any data you provide while using AiScore user
account. Our login providers (Facebook or Google) provide us with some of your personal data name, surname, e-mail upon your login to
our services. However, your personal information of that kind will never be sold or rented to anyone, for any reason, at any time. We will not store
this information in any available database. This information will only be used to easier fulfill your requests for service, such as providing access
to your in-app stats and features, and to enforce our Terms of Use.
---
2.3 NOT-COLLECTED DATA
At no point do we collect personal or sensitive personal data that could lead to a person being positively identified. Also, we never collect the
data about race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships, genetic or biometric data, health
or mortality, sex life or sexual orientation, unless we are legally required by the court of law to do it.
---
3 Mode and place of processing the Data – how do we collect?
---
4 The use of the collected Data – why do we collect?
The data concerning the user is collected to allow us to provide our services, as well as for the following purposes: contacting the user.
---
4.1 CONTACTING THE USER
Mailing List or Newsletter (This Application)
Personal Data collected in this case is your e-mail address.
---
6 Additional information about Data collection and processing
---
6.2 SYSTEM LOGS AND MAINTENANCE
For operation and maintenance purposes, we may sometimes collect files that record your interaction with our products (so called System
Logs) or use for this purpose other personal data (such as IP Address). That data won't be stored permanently and won't be available to sell or
rent to anyone.
---
6.4 MORE INFO
More details concerning the collection or processing of personal data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time at its contact
information.
---
recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If you object to any of the changes to
the policy - which is your legitimate right - please request from us to erase the personal data so you can cease using our products. Unless
stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all personal data the Data Controller has about users.