Since access to the Game is provided remotely, we may inadvertently collect personal data from persons under the age of 16. If you
are a minor, please make sure that your parent or legal representative has read and understood the provisions of the Policy. The
Policy on behalf of the minor is accepted and confirmed by the legal representative of the minor. If you are a minor and cannot
familiarize your legal representative with the provisions of this Policy, as well as if you (your legal representative) do not agree with
the terms of this Policy, immediately stop further use of the Game.

---
• Transparency. We strive to be as clear and open as possible about how we collect, use and share personal data. If you have any
questions about any provisions of the Policy, we are open to communication.

---
What personal data does Axlebolt collect?
When you play Game and share your personal data with Axlebolt, we act as a Controller of your personal data.
We strive to collect as little personal data as possible from users of our Game. Most of the data we collect about you does not allow
us to uniquely identify you as an individual, however, in some cases it allows us to identify your device that you use to access our
Game (the "Device").
We collect the following data, which may be considered personal data in some countries:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
The data that you provide
We collect the data that you provide yourself when using the Game. You have the right not to provide this data, but certain functions
will not be available to you.
These data include:
• "User's email" - your unique email address.
• "Username" is a set of characters and/or numbers that are not yet used by another player in our Game, and which you can change
in your account yourself. You can specify the Username yourself, but this is optional. If you refuse to specify a Username, it will be
assigned randomly in an automatic manner.
• "User's Avatar" is an image or photo that you can, but are not required to upload to your account instead of the default avatar.
• "Information provided when contacting support" - information provided by you when contacting our support service, including
the nature of your problem, payments data and information about your account.
• "Information that you share in text chats" - information that is provided by you during communication with other players through
the messaging functionality in the Game.

---
The data that we collect automatically
• "Location Information" - general information about your location (without information about the exact geolocation) at the time
when you are playing Game (for example, IP address, country and city).
• "Device Information" – technical data about your Device. For example, the device ID; the serial number of the device; the name of
your Internet service Provider (ISP); the name of your browser and the plug-ins used; the operating system and its version;
information about hacking the device (“jailbreak"); information about the network; the brand and manufacturer of your device; the
language you selected for the device; the version of the Game installed on your device; the installation path of the Game;
downloaded software libraries; your carrier.
• "Login information" - information about the time, location and IP when you log in to the Game.
• "User's ID" is a unique number (code) automatically generated and assigned to your account to identify it in the Game.
• "Information about behavioral actions in the Game" - information about your gaming activities in the Game, including your
achievements, rating, etc.

---
The data we receive from third-party resources
We do not purposefully collect data from third-party resources, but we can do this to facilitate your user experience (for example, to
identify you in the game, as well as when you interact with ads).
• "Your data related to a third-party resource" - information about your login (for example, email address) on a third-party
resource through which you log in to the Game (for example, via Facebook).
• "Advertising ID” is a unique identifier that is associated with your mobile phone or tablet, used by advertisers to track ads.

---
For what purposes and on what basis does Axlebolt collect my data?
Personal
Data
Legal Basis for Collection
When You Play the Games
Advertising
IDs,
Location
information
and Device
Information
Advertising
IDs,
Location
information
and Device
Information
Device
Information
Legitimate interest
Your consent, which you express by continuing
to play the Game, as well as our legitimate
interest in direct marketing.
Our legitimate interest is in preventing fraud in
Games and improving your gaming
Purpose(s)
Analytics for more information, see
Section “How is my_personal data used
for analytics?”
Advertising for more information, see
Section “How is my_personal data used
for advertising?"
Prevention of fraud in the Game - for
more information, see Section “How is
experience, as well as the performance of the
contract.
User's
email
Your consent, which you express by playing
the Game, and our legitimate interest in
maintaining the security of your account,
preventing unauthorized use of your account,
as well as informing you about important
issues, advertising campaigns and marketing
offers, if we have your consent to such
information.
User's ID, Execution of the contract
my_personal data used to combat
fraud?"
Identification and verification of the
account, sending important notifications
and warnings, informing about
potentially interesting marketing offers.
Identification and personalization of your
account
User's
Name,
User's
Avatar
Login
information,
Information
about
behavioral
actions in
the Game
Information
that you
share in
text chats
Your data
related to a
third-party
resource
Your data
on making
in-game
purchases
Our legitimate interest is in analyzing your
activity to make sure that the Game is
functioning properly, as well as to fix problems
and improve your future experience.
The execution the contract you enter into with
Axlebolt by playing the Game, as well as our
legitimate interest in ensuring security and
preventing the distribution of content that
violates the Terms of Use when receiving
reports of a violation. We do not intentionally
collect or control the information that you share
in text chats.
The execution of the contract, as well as your
consent, which you express by logging into the
Game using third-party resources.
Analytics for more information, see
Section “How is my_personal data used
for analytics?”
The
implementation of the
communication functionality in the
Game.
Identification and authorization of you in
the Game - for more information, see
Section “How is the user's email used?”
Your consent expressed by accepting this Processing refund requests
see
Policy
Section «How is my personal data used
for refunds?».
When You Contact Customer Support
Name and Your consent which you express by filling in You have the option to contact our
the contact form
Voluntary independent disclosure of data when networks and email. When you do, we
email
address,
Location
Information, sending it to us
Device
Information,
User's ID,
User's
Name,
User's
Avatar
customer support team directly from
some of our Games or using our social
will collect and use this information to
respond to your requests and/or
comments.

---
Does Axlebolt collect my financial information when I make in-app purchases?
When you make in-app purchases in the Game, we do not collect data about the payment transactions you make and do not have
access to your payment information. This information is collected and stored by your platform (for example, the App Store on Apple
devices, Google Play on Android devices, or the App Gallery on Huawei devices) or by your platform's payment operator.
We have the opportunity to receive data about payments made by you through third-party services (if you contact us with a request
from a payment operator, bank, or other third-party payment provider) for the purpose of verifying payments from you. However, we
do not intentionally collect or store this data.
Please note that purchases of in-app objects can be carried out not only through the functionality of the Game, but also through the
stores of third-party services authorized by us. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third-party services.
In specific cases your data might be collected in order to process your refund requests, which also require your consent as provided
in this Privacy Policy (see Section "How my data is used for refunds?").

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
How is my personal data used for analytics?
As a Game developer, it is important to us to know how users interact with our Games in order to improve your user experience. We
and our partners (“Analytics Services") collect your Location Information, Device Information, Advertising IDs, and Login information
for analytics purposes for our Games. For example, we use this information to:
• assessment of the difficulty level of the Game,
• corrections of any errors in the Game,
• assessing the demographics of our users,
• determining the need to support a new type of Device for the Game.
In some cases, the Analytics Services collect information about you on our behalf, and in some cases, the Analytics Services
independently decide to collect your personal data through mechanisms built into our applications. In the latter case, Analytics
Services acts as a Controller under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

---
How is my personal data used for refunds?
As we do not collect the data when you make in-app purchases within our Game directly, in order to better process you refund
requests we have to obtain your consent for this data collection and processing as well as for transfer thereof to our payment's
agents.

---
How is my personal data used for advertising?
To keep our Game free, we display ads in it with the help of third-party advertising partners ("Advertising Partners"). We integrate
their technologies into our Game, thanks to which Advertising partners independently determine which ads to show to you.
a. Do Advertising partners collect my personal data?
In order to serve you ads that may be of interest to you ("Targeted Advertising"), Advertising Partners collect and use your
Advertising ID, Location Information, and Device Information. If location services are enabled in your Device settings, Advertising
partners may additionally collect data about your geolocation.
In some cases, Advertising Partners collect information about you on our behalf and act as a processor of your personal data, and in
some cases, Advertising Partners independently decide to collect your personal data through the mechanisms built into our
applications. In the latter case, Advertising Partners act as a controller in accordance with the EU General Data Protection
Regulations (GDPR).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
How are User's Name, User's Avatar and User's ID used?
Our Game does not require you to provide your real name or upload your own image. Having a User's Name and User's Avatar is
required, but if you do not want to provide them, they will be generated automatically. If you wish to personalize your account, you
have the option of providing us with a User's Name yourself, unless it is already used by another player in our Game. If you do this,
we will process your User's Name and User's Avatar, but you can delete or change them at any time. Also, to minimize the personal
data we process, we assign a User's ID to your account.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
How is the User's email used?
To ensure the security of your account in the Game, as well as to prevent all types of illegal or unauthorized use of your account, we
ask you to use your email address when registering for our Game. The User's email address may be required to log in to the Game
and verify or restore your account if something goes wrong. We will also send you important notifications related to your use of our
Game, as well as information about potentially interesting marketing offers, if you have agreed to receive such information.
Please note that if you wish, you can log in using third-party resources that will transfer your data related to a third-party resource to
us. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the list of third-party resources and their privacy policies:

---
How is my data used to combat fraud?
It is important for us that the user experience in our Game is fair and competitive. Our Terms of Use strictly prohibit the use of third-
party programs to gain an unauthorized gaming advantage when using games, which may include mods, hacks, cheats, scripts,
bots, simulators and automation programs. To ensure fair play, we use anti-fraud technologies, for example, anti-fraud programs
that can automatically make decisions to temporarily block your account based on the information we receive about the User's
device.

---
Where does Axlebolt store my data?
We store data in Germany (Frankfurt), which provides an adequate level of data protection.
The data is stored by AMAZON WEB SERVICES EMEA SARL (CC OTH 00760863 2022 TR). You can read the privacy_policy of
AMAZON WEB SERVICES.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Social media functions and tools
The Game may include integrated social media features and tools such as the «Like» button on Facebook, the «Share>> button on
YouTube, and the «Subscribe» button on Twitter. These tools may collect information about your IP address. Social media features
and tools are hosted on third-party servers, and your interaction with these social media features and tools is governed by the
privacy policies of such social networks.

---
While no security system is completely
secure, we and our partners stake appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the
information collected by us. For Axlebolt, this includes, but is not limited to, ensuring that all of your information is disclosed only on
a "need to know" basis and ensuring that all information collected by Axlebolt is done so via secured connections and protected and
encrypted by industrial grade security software to guard against unauthorized access.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
This form allows you to: (1) access the personal data we process about you, (2) withdraw your consent to data processing (in whole
or in part), (3) give or adjust your consent preferences regarding the types of data we may collect and use.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
For residents of California
The California Consumer Privacy Protection Act ("CCPA") grants California residents the following rights:
The right to access/inform. You have the right to request that we provide you with the following information:
•
•
•
categories and specific elements of Personal Data that we have collected about you over the past 12 months;
categories of sources from which we collect Personal Data;
business or commercial purposes for the collection, use, exchange or sale of Personal Data;

---
The right to correction. You have the right to request that we correct the Personal Data that we store about you if you believe
that it is inaccurate. We may request the relevant documents from you in connection with your request. After receiving and
validating a request to correct inaccurate Personal Data, we will make all commercially reasonable efforts to correct the
Personal Data.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
To exercise the rights mentioned above, your request must contain the following information:
• your email address;
• information confirming that you are connected to us, or information otherwise confirming that we process your personal data.