DragonPass is committed to protecting and
respecting your privacy. This privacy policy, together
with our Terms of Use and any other documents
referred to in it, sets out the basis on which any
personal data we collect from you, or that you
provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read
the following carefully to understand our views and
practices regarding your personal data and how we
will treat it. If you are under 18, please do not send
any personal data about yourself to us. Under the
General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
DragonPass is defined as a data controller. By
definition a data controller is a person or entity which
determines the manner of which any personal data
is, or is to be, processed.

---

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM
YOU?
1.1 In order to provide a better service to you, we
may collect and process the following data about you:
• Information that you provide by filling in forms on
our application. This includes information provided at
the time of registering to use our app, subscribing to
our service, posting material or requesting further
services. We may also ask you for information at
other times, for example in connection with a
promotion or if you report a problem with our app.
• If you contact us, we may keep a record of that
correspondence.
• We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use
for research purposes, although you do not have to
respond to them.

---

• Details of transactions you carry out through our app
and of the fulfilment of your orders.
• Details of your visits to our app and the resources
that you access.
• We may collect and process information about your
actual location. We use various technologies to
determine, including IP address, GPS and other
sensors that may be for example provide DragonPass
with information on nearby devices, Wifi access
points and cell towers.

---

2. WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
2.1 The purposes for which information may be used
by us inside and outside of the European Economic
Area include:
• In order for us to be able to provide to you our
service or product, which you have agreed to.
• Ensuring that content from our app is presented in
the most effective manner for you.
• Providing you with alerts, newsletter, education
materials or information that you requested or
signed up to.
• Allowing you to participate in interactive features of
our service, when you choose to do so.
• Complying with laws and regulations applicable to us
or any of our affiliates inside or outside of the EEA.
• Legal proceedings, including collecting overdue
amounts and seeking professional advices.

---

• Researching, designing and launching services or
products including seminars/ events/ forums.
2.2 Dragon Pass International collects the minimum
amount of personal data necessary in order to
process the tasks described above. No irrelevant
personal data is stored on the company's systems.

---

2.3 With location information we use it to tailor our
services or you and others via push notifications,
recommending nearby DragonPass products and
services. We only prompt these notifications when
you are within close proximity to an airport where
services are available. You can of course opt out of
these services.

---

4.1 All information you provide to us is stored on our
secure servers outside of the EU. Any payment
transactions will be encrypted using TLS technology.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen)
a password which enables you to access certain parts
of our service, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. We ask you not to share a
password with anyone.

---

4.2 Unfortunately, the transmission of information
via the internet is not completely secure. Whilst we
encrypt your data, if you are using a network which is
unsecure or accessing the internet that is out of our
control, we cannot guarantee the security of your
data transmitted to our app. Therefore, any
transmission is at your own risk and you agree not to
hold us responsible for any breach of security while
accessing the internet that is out of our control. Once
we have received your information, we will use strict
procedures and security features to prevent
unauthorised access.

---

5.1 Once your data is held on our system, we intend
to hold this data for 3 years after the date of
membership or booking expiry. Customers may
request deletion of their personal data from
DragonPass by contacting us on the phone number
or email below.

---

6.1 Under the General Data Protections Regulations
(GDPR), individuals have the right:
• To check whether we hold personal data about you
and to access such data.

---

• To ascertain our policies and practices in relation to
personal data and the kind of personal data held by
us; and

---

• To request the deletion of any personal data which
the company (DragonPass International Ltd) may
hold for that specific person.

---

7. PAYMENT INFORMATION
7.1 When making a payment with DragonPass you do
so through the Stripe Checkout Gateway. In order to
make a payment you will be required to pass your
card number, expiry date and CVV code through this
gateway. None of your card details will be stored on
the DragonPass systems. This information will be
solely retained in an encrypted format by Stripe.

---

8. COOKIES
8.1 Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from
other users of our website. This helps us to provide
you with a good experience when you browse our
website and also allows us to improve our site.
8.2 We use the following cookies:
• (a) Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that
are required for the operation of our website. They
include, for example, cookies that enable you to log
into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart
or make use of e-billing services.
• (b) Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to
recognise and count the number of visitors and to
see how visitors move around our website when they
are using it. This helps us to improve the way our
website works, for example, by ensuring that users
are finding what they are looking for easily.

---

8.3 Please note that third parties (including, for
example, advertising networks and providers of
external services like web traffic analysis services)
may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance
cookies or targeting cookies.