Applicability
This Privacy Policy describes how ZARA USA, INC. treats customer personal information on the websites,
social media and mobile apps where it is located (in this policy we call these our Platforms). This policy also
applies to information collected in our stores. Your use of this Platform indicates you agree to our collection,
use and disclosure of your informatio
ir information as described in this Privacy Policy.

---
Notice at Collection
We collect information from and about you.
We collect various types of information from you, as described below. California law requires us to tell you if
we share information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising. Described below by category is the
information we may collect and if we share it forcross-contextual behavioral advertising. To learn how to modify
your cross-contextual advertising preferences view our Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sharing for Cross-
Contextual Behavioral Advertising.

---
We collect contact information. For example, we collect personal identification data, online or in person,
among other purposes, to manage your registration as a user, to manage your purchases of products or
services, to respond to your queries, and, if you wish, to send you our customized including name, mailing
address, email addresses and phone numbers. If you register as a user, we will also have you create a
password. In some cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted above.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We collect payment information. If you buy products or services we will collect the relevant data, online
or in person, as your debit or credit card number to manage payment of the products or services that you
purchase, regardless of the method of payment used.

---
We collect information you submit online. This includes information you post when you interact with us
on social media platforms. In some cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted above.

---
We collect demographic information and information about product preferences. This includes
collecting your age and gender. In some cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted
above.

---
We collect biometric information. We may collect biometric information as permitted by law. This
includes information collected as part of virtual try-on experiences such as a body or face scan to provide
you with product suggestions. This may also include if you decide to pay with your palm print in locations
that offer it. This information is kept for the duration of your use of the service.

---
We collect information about your device and location. We collect the type of device you use and
location to access our Platforms, including the access and use of the Wi-Fi that we make available to our
customers at our stores. We also collect information about the type of browser you are using. And, we may
look at what site you came from or what site you go to when you leave us. If you are using our apps, we
may also collect your device identification number or the advertising ID. If you use our app, we may look at
how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. If you use any of the specific services that we
may offer you (such as item finder, reserve a fitting room, etc.) available in some of ourstores, we also may
process your location and contact information. In some cases, we may share this information for the
purpose noted above.

---
We collect information about your use of the Platforms. This includes browsing activity, how you
interact with our websites and mobile apps, the products that you buy, and search terms entered. In some
cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted above.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We collect information from you in different ways.
We collect information directly from you, online or offline. This includes when you create an account or
to manage your purchases of products or services. We also collect information if you contact customer service
to respond to your queries or sign up for our newsletter to send you our customized communications. We also
collect information when you take a survey or participate in a promotion.

---
We collect information passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn
more about cookies visit the FTC's Online Tracking page. We use these tools on our websites and in emails we
send to you. We may also use these tools in our mobile apps. We collect information about users over time when
you use our Platforms. We have third parties who collect information this way as well.

---
We get information about you from third parties. This includes social media platforms and friends who use
our "email a friend” feature. We may receive information about you from other sources.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
We combine information we collect from different sources.
We combine offline and online information. We also combine information across multiple devices. We also
combine information we get from a third party with information we already have about you.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
OUR COOKIE AND AD POLICY
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies or
other tracking tools. How you do so depends on the type of tool. Certain browsers can be set to reject
browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you
can go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through
your browser settings.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Your Privacy Rights
If you live in California or Virginia or a state with similar rights, you have legal rights in addition to the choices
listed above. You can call us at 1-855 635 9272 or email us at privacy.us@zara.com. Those rights are listed
below:
1. Access: to learn the categories of information we collect and use, and for those in California, the
categories of sources of collection and disclosure and the business purpose for collection;
2. Portability: a copy of (Virginia) or specific pieces of (California) personal information collected;
3. Deletion: to have us delete information we collected from you;

---
How it works: When you submit your request, we use information you provide to verify your request. We do
this by matching the information you provide with information we already have about you. In some situations
we may not be able to process your request. This may include if a legal exception applies. If you disagree with
our decision you can contact us as described at the end of this policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Third party agents: If you are submitting a request on behalf of an eligible resident, we may ask for additional
information to verify your identity. This may include providing proof that you are registered with the Secretary
of State to act on someone's behalf or proof of a power of attorney. You may also submit a copy of the
consumer's signed permission to submit the specific request.

---
These sites are not intended for children.
Our Platforms are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from children
under 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information, you can write to
us at the address listed at the end of this website Policy. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information