This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when
you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Shenzhen
Liangwu Youxi Inc. is created with the help of the Free Privacy Policy Generator.

---

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection
and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy,
terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

---

Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service
to you.

---

Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information
that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may
include, but is not limited to:
• Cookies and Usage Data

---

Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information
automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique
ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet
browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").

---

Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain
information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique
identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking
technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve
and analyze our Service.

---

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if
you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

---

Examples of Cookies we use:
• Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
• Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and
various settings.
• Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

---

Use of Data
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
• To provide and maintain the Service
•
To notify you about changes to our Service
•
•
•
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
•
To monitor the usage of the Service
•
To detect, prevent and address technical issues

---

Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device
advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

---

We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google
Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

---

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you
are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please
contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification
of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.