DATA COLLECTION WHILE USING THE APPLICATION:

1. It is important to note that some of the data collected from you in connection with your use of the application is shared or
otherwise made available to third-parties who we are affiliated with, in its pseudonymized form, and is used by such third-parties
---
for marketing analytics purposes.
---
[SECTION: THIRD PARTY SERVICES:]
1. Please note that your mobile service provider, mobile operating system provider, third party applications (including the
applications pre-loaded smart phones powered by Android platform), social media platforms and websites that you access may
also collect, use and share information about you and your usage.
---
[SECTION: PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT:]
1. Personal information is defined as information that can be used to identify you and may include details such as your name,
age, gender, contact information, products and services you are interested in or require more information about. Insofar as
sensitive personal information is concerned, it will carry the meaning as may be defined by applicable laws from time to time.

2. The following is the manner in which we collect, use, share and retain personal information: We collect data about your use of
the Super Browser Mini Application, such as, browsing history information. For example, Super Browser Mini Application stores
the URLs of pages that you visit a cache of text, images and other resources from those pages and a list of some of the IP
addresses linked from those pages and a list of some of the IP addresses linked from those pages.

3. You can manage this information by deleting your browsing history information. Personal information and passwords, to help
you fill out forms or sign in to sites you visit. A list of permissions that you have granted to websites. Thumbnail-sized
---
[PAGE BREAK]
screenshots of pages that you visit most often and for depiction of active tabs. Cookies or data from websites that you visit. A
record of what you downloaded from websites.
---
[SECTION: HOW SUPER BROWSER MINI APPLICATION HANDLES YOUR INFORMATION FOR WEBSITE OPERATORS:]
1. Sites that you visit using Super Browser Mini Application will automatically receive standard log information, including your
IP address and data from cookies or similar technologies.
---
[SECTION: LOCATION:]
1. To get more geographically relevant information, Super Browser Mini Application gives you the option to share your location
with a site.

2. Super Browser Mini Application won't allow a site to access your location without your permission; however, on mobile
devices Super Browser Mini Application automatically shares your location with your default search engine if Super Browser
Mini Application app has permission to access your location and you have not blocked geo-location for the associated web site.

3. Super Browser Mini Application uses Google Location Services to estimate your location.
---
[SECTION: THE INFORMATION THAT SUPER BROWSER MINI APPLICATION SENDS TO GOOGLE LOCATION SERVICES MAY INCLUDE:]
1. The Wi-Fi routers closest to you, Mobile IDs of the mobile phone base stations closest to you, The IP address that is currently
assigned to your device, doesn't have control over third-party websites or their privacy practices, so be cautious when sharing
your location with a website.

2. Application periodically sends information to Google& other analytics to check for updates, get connectivity status, validate
the current time and to estimate the number of active users Search prediction service.

3. Super Browser Mini Application uses Google Location Services to estimate your location.
---
[SECTION: USAGE STATISTICS AND CRASH REPORTS:]
1. By default, usage statistics and crash reports are sent to us to help us improve our products.

2. Usage data and statistics contain information such as web browsing history, preferences, button clicks and memory usage. In
general, usage statistics do not include personal information.

3. We seek this information either to Validate and process your request for the services of the Super Browser Mini Application or
information; To improve the quality of the Super Browser Mini Application, To assist you to determine which services best meet
your needs or To facilitate our internal business operations, including the fulfilment of any legal and regulatory requirements or
To provide you with recommendation about services you may be interested in, based on your use of the Super Browser Mini
Application or To provide you with marketing communications and advertising that the Super Browser Mini Application believe
may Sharing We may disclose personal information to our affiliates when necessary to perform services on our behalf or on your
behalf, to provide display advertising and promotional services, providing search results and links (including paid listings and
links), providing customer service etc. The usage data and statistics shall also be shared with 3rd parties or partners for analytics
or intelligence tools. We may also share personal information with external organizations or individuals if we believe that access,
use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process
or enforceable governmental request; Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; Protect against
harm to the rights, property or safety of our customers or the public, as required or permitted by law.
---
[SECTION: RETENTION:]
1. The information so collected shall be retained only for a limited duration necessary to fulfil purposes outlined herein unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law and only for the purposes defined above.
---
[SECTION: NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION:]
1. Non-personal information is defined as any data that does not personally identify you and may include unique system or
hardware identifiers, system or application software, and peripherals.

2. Any non-personal information, when clubbed with personal information shall be treated as personal information. The
following is the manner in which we collect, use, share and retain non-personal information Collection.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
3. You agree that Super Browser Mini Application may collect diagnostic, technical, usage related information, for the usage
purposes described below.

A. Usage: The above mentioned information is gathered periodically to provide and improve the Super Browser Mini
Application and services therein, facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if
any) and to verify compliance with the terms of this Policy.
---
C. Retention: The information so collected shall be retained only for a limited duration necessary to fulfil the purposes
outlined herein unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law and only for the purposes defined above.
Once the purpose is achieved, all information is deleted in a safe and secure mode.

D. Location Services: The Super Browser Mini Application, its licensees and agents, may access, collect and analyse your
usage of Super Browser Mini Application and other information related to your location on a regular basis through
Bluetooth and Wi-Fi signals and other technologies and data for the performance of the services provided by the Super
Browser Mini Application and to help improve the design, functionality, performance, and content of Super Browser Mini
Application. In order to collect geo-location information, the location settings must be enabled on your Device. Therefore,
in some cases, Super Browser Mini Application may request that you enable the location settings. Except in cases where
any specific services requested by you require or involve personal identification, Super Browser Mini Application collects
location data anonymously and in a form that does not personally identify you. By using the Super Browser Mini
Application, you agree and consent to transmission, collection, maintenance; processing and use of your location data and
queries to provide and improve such services of Super Browser Mini Application App.

E. Cookies: Information collected by cookies and other technologies are treated as non-personal information. However, to
the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we treat any information
linked to such identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with
personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information.
---
[SECTION: OTHER INFORMATION SUPER BROWSER MINI APPLICATION COLLECTS:]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
1. Application also may collect other information about you in ways that the Super Browser Mini Application describe to you or
otherwise with your consent.

2. You can choose not to provide us with certain types of information, but doing so may affect your ability to avail and/or use
some services.
---
[SECTION: ACCESS, CORRECTION AND DELETION:]
1. Application strives hard to keep its records updated and accurate with your latest information. You shall be responsible to
ensure that the information or data you provide from time to time is and shall be correct, current and updated and you have all the
rights, permissions and consents to provide such information or data. You may note that deletion of certain information or
withdrawal of consent may lead to cancellation of your access to Super Browser Mini Application or your access to certain
features and services of the Super Browser Mini Application.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
1. We are committed to protect your personal information collected and processed by us and look forward to your continued
support for the same.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
4. YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR UNAUTHORISED
ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, ANY MATERIAL OR DATA SENT OR
RECEIVED OR NOT SENT OR RECEIVED, OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH Super Browser Mini
APP.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
2. Services originating from Super Browser Mini App may communicate with the servers from time to time to check for
available updates to the Services and to the functionality of Super Browser Mini App, such as bug fixes, patches, enhanced
functions, missing plug-ins and new versions (collectively, "Updates").
---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS:]
1. The Company or all the right holders in/of the Super Browser Mini App and/or the Device, as the case may be, own title,
interest and rights, including all related intellectual property rights, in/of the Super Browser Mini App and/or the Device and the
user acknowledges that such ownership shall include all intellectual property rights arising from any suggestions, enhancement
requests, recommendations or other information provided by the user, whether in the course of use of the Super Browser Mini
App, the Device or otherwise.