Below we provide you with an overview of what data we collect for what
purpose and how we ensure the protection of the data when using our mobile
apps.

---
§ Personal Data and Processing Purposes
Personal data are any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Personal data include e.g. name or email address.
We will only collect, use and/or pass on personal data if this is permitted by law or if you give your consent.

---
Your data will be used for the following purposes:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
You provide data if this is necessary for the aforementioned purposes. In the event you refrain from providing such data you may face disadvantages,
for example, limited or no possibility of using our App.

---
For reasons of fraud prevention, payouts that users earn through the use of the App will only be possible after additional user verification via a selfie
taken with the device's camera when first requesting a payout. Consent to the processing of personal data therefore already applies to the
processing of these photos. I acknowledge that selfies are also special-category personal data per Art. 9 para. 1 GDPR and expressly consent to the
processing described below.

---
We use users' selfies exclusively for the purpose of fraud prevention and to ensure that bonuses have not been earned through the automated,
fraudulent use of software. For this purpose, a photo ("selfie") is saved when your face is recorded using your device's camera. We use the recording
to create an individual and anonymous digital user ID that is used to check whether the bonus has actually been earned by a real person and whether
this person has already requested or received a bonus with another account. For reasons of data economy, this is only necessary if you want to
receive bonuses. If you do not want to receive bonuses, you can use the App fully without providing any selfies. The selfies will not be used by us for
any other purposes and we will delete them 4 weeks after your bonus has been disbursed.

---
§ Download and Use of the App
When using the App, we collect the personal data described below to enable convenient use of the functions. If you want to use our App, we collect
the following data, which is technically necessary for us to offer you the functions of our App and to guarantee stability and security (legal basis is
Art. 6 (1) f. GDPR): IP address, unique device ID, location, date and time of the request, time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), content
of the request (specific page), access status/HTTP status code, amount of data transmitted in each case, app usage data, operating system and its
interface language.

---
§ Registration for the App; Facebook Connect
Furthermore we need your email address in order to create and manage your account, to process your enquiries and, if necessary, to be able to
contact you. If you register via Facebook (facebook.com) we process your email address and name from your user profile on Facebook after you have
clicked the respective button. For further details on data processing on Facebook please refer to: Full Data Use Policy
(https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy)

---
§ Use of the App
For using more functions of the App you are asked to provide us with certain data. Such data will only be sent and provided to us after you clicked the
respective submit button within the App.

---
If you are using additional paid options in our App we may ask for your full name and address details. However, please note that we do not process
your payment data and bank account details but use external providers that handle the payments.

---
§ Advertising Partners and use of the Advertising ID
We and our advertising partners also use the information collected, including your personal data, for marketing/advertising purposes.

---
For this purpose the following data: GAID / IDFA, IP address, location / time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language), carrier,
operating system, network connection type and speed, device properties related to screen size and orientation, audio volume and battery, device
memory usage, Internet browser user-agent used to access the services, device make, model and operating system are processed by us and such
advertising partners.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
The so-called 'Advertising Identifier' (IDFA) or 'Google Advertising Identifier' (GAID) is a unique, but non-personalized and non-permanent identifier
for a specific device provided by iOS or Android. Data collected through such identifier is not linked to any other device-related information. We as
well as our advertising partners use the identifier to provide you with personalized advertising and to evaluate your use. If you activate the option ['no
ad tracking' / 'Ads'] in the iOS/Android settings, we can only take the following actions: Measuring your interaction with banners by counting the
number of times a banner is displayed without clicking ('frequency capping'), click rate, unique user detection, security measures, fraud prevention
and troubleshooting. You can delete the IDFA / GAID at any time in the device settings, then a new IDFA / GAID will be created which is not merged
with the previously collected data. Please note that if you limit the use of the identifier, you may not be able to use all the features of our Apps.

---
§ Analysis of your data
We (as well as third party providers engaged by us) also use the information collected, including your personal data, for the purpose of marketing and
improving our Apps. For this purpose your personal data, such as the IP address, the 'Advertising Identifier' (IDFA) or 'Google Advertising Identifier'
(GAID) as well as further use data is used.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
§ Contacting us; Sending Messages
When contacting us via the App/email, your details are stored for the purpose of processing the enquiry and, if applicable, follow-up questions based
on your consent based on the legal basis of Art. 6 (1) a. GDPR or fulfilling your request based on Art. 6 (1) b. GDPR.

---
• You are entitled to receive information about the stored data (in a structured, current and machine-readable format) at any time and to request the
correction or deletion of the data in case of incorrect data storage.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
§ Data processing on our Facebook Page
We operate a "Social Media Page" on Facebook, facebook.com or mobile app by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA or
Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, please refer to privacy policy Facebook Policy (https://www.facebook.com/policy.php),
opt-out: Opt-Out (https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences) or Settings (https://www.facebook.com/settings).
When you visit our Social Media-Page, data is processed both by us and by the responsible social media provider as the responsible party.

---
With our Social Media Pages, we can communicate with you and provide you with interesting information. We may receive further data from you
through your comments, shared images, messages and reactions, which we then process to answer or communicate with you. If you use Social
Media on several end devices, a cross-device analysis of the data can take place.

---
Furthermore, the providers of the Social Media Pages may also use cookies and tracking technologies to analyse and improve their services.

---
§ Page Insights and Cookies on Facebook:
Facebook and we use the Page Insights function to process statistical data from users of our Facebook pages (see also the agreement at: Facebook
Page Controller Addendum (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum)). This involves the processing of data in the form of
so-called 'page insights', which are described in more detail at Facebook Page insights (https://www.facebook.com/business/a/page/page-insights).

---
Evaluations and statistics are generated in the form of page insights from the usage data of the Facebook pages, which support us in improving our
marketing activities and our external presence. We may also learn about users and their behavior who interact with or use our Facebook Pages to
display relevant content and develop features that may be of interest to them. These page statistics show us, for example, which people from
certain target groups interact most with our Facebook Page or which content on the Facebook Page was visited, shared or licked when and how
often. When classifying people into target groups, demographic data or data about the location of a person is also included in order to place targeted
advertisements with these people. If you use Facebook on several end devices, a cross device analysis of the data can take place. The data collected
in this way is statistically processed and usually anonymous, i.e. we cannot establish any reference to the individual person.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Facebook also uses cookies and storage technologies. More information can be found here: Cookie Policy
(https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/)

---
As a Facebook user, you can at any time influence how your user behavior is recorded when you visit Facebook pages. To do this, you can manage the
settings for advertising preferences in your Facebook account or at Preferences (https://www.facebook.com/ad s/preferences,) or the Facebook
settings (https://www.facebook.com/settings) in your account. Facebook also provides opportunities to contact or exercise rights at Facebook
Contact 1 (https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/2061665240770586) or Facebook Contact 2
(https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/308592359910928).

---
§ Specific Provisions for California Consumers:
These additional provisions for California consumers apply only to individuals who reside in California. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
("CCPA") provides additional rights to know, delete and opt out, and requires "businesses" collecting or disclosing personal information to provide
notice and a means to exercise those rights.
• Categories of personal information collected in the preceding 12 months

---
§ Right to Know and Right to Delete
For any of the personal information described above, you can request to know what personal information we collected, disclosed, used and sold, and
request that we delete your personal information at any time.