1.1 What information do you need to provide to Poppo?
If you register an account to use Poppo then we will need some information
from you to set this up (e.g., to set up a profile and validate your phone
number). To set up your account, we will need a nickname, your mobile
number, and a password. You can further refine and populate your profile
with additional information. If you use the services available within Poppo
(such as posting photos to your Moments and Time Capsule or following
Official Accounts), we will process information to allow the services to
operate.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
This Privacy Policy explains the processing of your Poppo related
information When, how and why, and sets out your options and rights with
respect to this information.Read it carefully - it's important for you to
understand how we collect and use your information and the controls you
can take.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
If you use Poppo Acting on behalf of a company, partnership, association,
government or other organization (your "organization"), you agree to notify
such person that we will collect personal information about the individual
owners, shareholders, directors, officers, managers, employees and other
relevant persons ("related persons") of your organization that we collect or
provide to us from time to time,And you agree to obtain the consent of the
related person so that we can process his / her personal information in
accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations in
accordance with this privacy policy.References to "you" or "your" in this
privacy policy include you and any associated persons.If you or any of your
associates would like to request us to remove your personal information
from our database, please email us to poppolive.public@gmail.com. contact
us.
---
[SECTION: 2.2 What information do you need to provide to Poppo?]
This section describes the various types of personal information we collect
from you and how we collect it.If you want to learn more about specific
types of data and how we use them, please refer to the privacy policy
section below.
We deal with different kinds of information and data when we provide
Poppo .These categories are as follows:
1. "Location data" Is information derived from your GPS, Wi-Fi, compass,
accelerometer, IP address, or public post that contains location
information.Location information will be disclosed to us or other users, or
both, when:
• When you use location-based features, such as "people nearby", and
when you share your location with other Poppo users;
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• Log data It is the information that we use, network beacons, log files,
scripts or automatically collected when you use Poppo cookie Etag,
including:
• Device attributes, such as: information about your mobile carrier,
configuration information provided by your web browser or other
programs you use to access Poppo, your IP address, application ID and
application name, as well as the version and identification number of
your device;
• Information related to content that you have searched or viewed using
Poppo, such as used web search terms, accessed social media profiles,
and details of other information and content that you have accessed or
requested while using Poppo ;
• General information about the communication on the platform, such
as the identity of the user communicating with you and the time, date
and duration of the communication (but excluding the content of such
communication, unless you are communicating with our support service
team);
• Metadata, such as the date of your capture or the date of your
publication, or the information about the project you shared.
2. "Non personal information" It refers to any information that cannot
identify you directly or indirectly under normal circumstances.
3. "Personal information" Any information or combination of information
that is relevant to you and can be used (directly or indirectly) to identify
you.In the privacy policy section below, we list some examples of personal
information (and how we collect it).
4. "Share information" It refers to the information about or related to you
that you voluntarily share on Poppo .Shared information may include your
PoppoContent published on (including personal data disclosure, lists you
create, and photos, videos, or recordings accessed through your device's
camera and / or microphone sensors with your prior consent), any content
you republish that has been published by others, and location data and log
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
5. "Facial data" refers to the facial information we capture through devices,
including but not limited to facial contours, features' positions, skin texture,
wrinkles, moles, freckles, and other such details. Please note that we will
only collect your facial data when you wish to engage in live streaming
activities on Poppo.
• When you participate in live streaming or other related social activities
on Poppo, your facial data will be used for automatic detection and
identification of inappropriate content to ensure compliance with
platform guidelines.
• When you perform facial authentication, your facial data will be used
to verify your identity and prevent account theft or misuse.
6. "Device information" We collect your device information during your
usage and login for risk control and anti-fraud purposes to protect account
security.
• Basic equipment information, including equipment brand, equipment
manufacturer, equipment model number, equipment name, equipment
system type and version, equipment basic configuration, equipment
basic settings, equipment environment;
• Device identification information,Android ID, IDFV (Identifier For
Vendor), IDFA (Identity for Advertisers), OAID (Open Anonymous Device
Identifier)
• Device network information, including network access form, wireless
router identification (BSSID, SSID) and IP address, WIFI list, network
operator information, network base station information, network
connection status
• Device application information, including SDK host application
package name and version number
---
[SECTION: 2.3 How do we use your information?]
1. Registration data and login data. Your name, user nickname, mobile
number, password, gender and IP address. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary
to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide your Poppo personal
data and provide Poppo services.
---
2. (1) Basic equipment information,including equipment brand,
equipmentmanufacturer, equipment modelnumber, equipment name,
equipmentsystem type and version, equipmentbasic configuration,
equipment basicsettings, equipment environment; (2)Device identification
information,, MACaddress, Android ID, IDFV (Identifier ForVendor), IDFA
(Identity for Advertisers), OAID (Open Anonymous DeviceIdentifier), device
serial number (3)Device network information, includingnetwork access
form, wireless routeridentification (BSSID, SSID, MAC) and IPaddress, WIFI
list, network operatorinformation, network base stationinformation,
network connection status(4) Device application information,including SDK
host application packagename and version number
• Reason:Data statistics and Anti-cheating
3. User profile search data. Search the record of the query. Legal basis
(EEA) It is necessary for us to fulfill our contract with you to provide you
with effective access to Poppo activities.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
5. Shared information - profile media. This kind of information includes all
the information you provide to other users through Poppo, including: Poppo
circle of friends and video dynamic posts, and responses to other users'
Poppo circle of friends and video dynamic posts; Another user uses the
information about you provided by Poppo, for example, any shared
information about you provided by other people through Poppo circle of
friends, video updates, and using Poppo to communicate with you and
others. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed
with you to provide your Poppo personal data and provide Poppo services.
---
6. Other account security. Voice lock (an optional security feature we offer
you), emergency contact, hosted device, email address, Facebook connect,
Facebook connect token, Facebook account, twitter, line or Facebook
number and facial recognition / detection and / or login with apple. Legal
basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we signed with you to
provide and protect your Poppo account number.
---
7. Chat data. What you communicate with another user or group of
users.This data is stored on your device and on the device of the user to
whom you send communications.We don't store this information
permanently on our servers, we just transmit it through our servers to
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
provide Poppo chat service.
• Reason:Facilitate the provision of communication to another user.
8. Contact list. Contact list on your device. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary
to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Poppo services and
contact you with your friends.
• Reason: Use the "recommend friends" feature to connect you with
other Poppo users.
9. Log data. See definition above. Legal basis (EEA) It is in our legitimate
interest to ensure the safety of our services, manage registration and
improve our services.
---
10. Location information. See definition above. Legal basis (EEA) It is
necessary for us to fulfill the contract we signed with you to provide Poppo
location related services.Please note that if you use products and services
that require location information.
---
11. Customer service information. Any information you provide to our
customer service team. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the
contract we signed with you to provide and support Poppo services.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
13. Social contact information. Your twitter, line, or Facebook connect token,
if applicable. Legal basis (EEA) It is necessary to fulfill the contract we
signed with you to provide Poppo services.
• Reason:If you choose to associate a third-party social media account
with your Poppo account, we will process this information to facilitate
logging in to Poppo through your social media account. If you publish
content in your circle of friends or video dynamics and you choose to
share it with an authenticated third-party social media account, Poppo
will help.
14. Investigation. If you decide to participate in the survey, we will ask you
for some personal information.We may engage a service provider to
conduct these surveys and will let you know before you complete the
survey. Legal basis (EEA) We will collect this information after obtaining
your consent.
---
15. Competition information. Any information you give us when you sign up
for a contest organized on Poppo . According to the laws of the European
Economic Area: It is necessary for us to fulfill the contract signed with you
to verify the qualification and prize.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
3. Sensitive personal information
In some jurisdictions, certain types of personal information (for example,
about your race or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical views, or
personal health information) can be classified as "sensitive information" or
more strictly controlled than other types of personal information.Please
note that the content and information you enter into Poppo (such as photos
or information about your school or social activities) may reveal your
sensitive personal information to others.
Before you exchange any personal information of a sensitive nature in
Poppo, consider whether it is appropriate to do so.
By publishing any sensitive personal information in Poppo, you agree that
you will provide such information within the control you select (for
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 2.6 How to use your facial information?]
1. Purpose of Collecting Facial Data:
Our app collects facial data through the device's camera for the following
purposes:
• Identity Verification:
• If you use real-person facial recognition, we collect your photos and
facial recognition videos with your approval. This is to compare the
uploaded photos with the video, ensuring the authenticity of your
identity and preventing account theft or misuse.
• Special Effects, Beautification, and Filters:
• When you use certain features to create special effects or emojis for
your livestream or uploaded pictures on Poppo, we provide
beautification and facial filter functions during your livestream.
• Content Safety:
• During your livestream, we capture segments of your stream to
automatically detect and identify inappropriate content, ensuring
compliance with platform standards.
Note: This data is only collected when users actively enable the related
functions.
2. Storage and Duration of Facial Data:
• Local Storage:
• Facial data is processed and stored locally on the device. Data is not
uploaded to external servers, and we employ advanced encryption
techniques to protect data during storage.
• Temporary Storage Duration:
• Facial data is temporarily stored only during the use of the function.
Once processing is complete (e.g., applying a filter or completing
verification), the data is immediately deleted. We ensure that facial data
is not stored for extended periods in the app.
• Continuous Storage:
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
original facial data.
Note:
For facial data during livestreams, we use it in real-time without storing
it.
For real-person authentication data, it is retained until you request
deletion or modification of your personal information, or within 60 days
after your account is deleted (whichever comes first). This duration
considers the possibility of users wanting to recover their account
information, with the maximum recovery period being 60 days.
3. User Control and Data Deletion:
We respect users' control over their facial data. Users can delete any
processed images or disable related functions at any time. All temporary
facial data will be automatically deleted when users terminate the
function.
4. Data Security and Privacy Measures:
• Encryption:
• All facial data is encrypted during processing and storage to ensure it
cannot be accessed by unauthorized individuals or systems.
• Compliance:
• We strictly adhere to Apple's developer guidelines and relevant privacy
regulations to ensure the safety of user data.
---
[SECTION: 2.7 How to share your data outside of Poppo]
Some Poppo related features allow you to provide shared information to
audiences outside the Poppo Network - for example, publicly accessible
blogs and forums, or certain social media features in Poppo allow you to
republish and disclose shared information.If you use these features to
share information, it may be read or used by third parties not related to us.
You can also associate your Poppo contact list with the contact list on your
device and / or in the third-party service account to search for and
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 2.8 Using Poppo to access and import information]
Poppo allows you to associate Poppo services with selected third-party
social media services and import certain content and information from
these third-party services.For example:
• You can share content on Poppo or log in to Poppo using services
provided by a third party. These third-party services validate you and give
you the option to share certain personal information with us. They may also
offer you the option to publish information to Poppo from your third-party
service account as a shared information.
• You can sign in to Poppo using other registration services, such as
providers.These registration services verify your identity and provide you
with the option to share certain personal information, such as your name
and email address, with us for account registration and login purposes; and
• Poppo may provide you with links or features (via banner ads, pop-up
windows, or other means in Poppo) to access third-party services or
websites (or Poppo content hosted in those third-party services or
websites). For example, you can access videos hosted by a third party
without leaving the Poppo application.
• Third party social media platforms are hosted by relevant third
parties. The Poppo service is hosted by us.Third parties providing third-party
services may collect your information (including your personal information
and log data) and set cookies on your computer or device to make these
functions work properly.
• Your use of any third party services (social media services or other
services), including any personal information provided by you to such third
parties, as well as their collection and use of your personal information, are
subject to the relevant third party's own terms of service and privacy
policies, not the Poppo terms of service》 Or this privacy policy, so please
check these third party terms carefully.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 2.9 Age limit]
Poppo is not suitable for children.Children under the age of 16 may not use
Poppo for any purpose without first obtaining the consent of the parent /
Guardian (on behalf of the child and himself) to this privacy policy.Without
the above consent, we will not intentionally collect any personal
information provided by children under the age of 16.If you believe that we
hold any personal information provided by any child under the age of 16
without the consent of the parent / guardian, please contact our data
protection officer and we will investigate (and delete) such personal
information immediately.
---
[SECTION: 2.10 Where do we process your data?]
1. Poppo will transfer the personal information collected from you to the
following locations and store or process the information:
2. We provide you with Poppo engineering, technical support and our
Singapore office. In order to provide services to you (for example, to solve
the technical problems you report), technicians may sometimes access
some of your data.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
You can ask us to erase our personal information about you if:
• You think we no longer need to hold your personal information;
• We have obtained your consent to process your personal information, and
you have revoked that consent (and we have no other reason to request the
processing of personal information);
• You think we are processing your personal information illegally; or
• We collect your personal information when you are under 16 years old.
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
4. Portability
You are entitled to receive copies of certain personal information we
collect from you. Process your personal information (including any personal
information you choose to post, including personal data) according to our
personal data collection (including any personal information you choose to
publish, including personal data) according to our privacy policy. You have
the right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and
machine recognizable format. You also have the right to ask us to transmit
these personal information to the other party.