This Privacy Policy explains how eSound Music ("eSound", "we" or "us") collects, uses, and
discloses information about you when you access or use our websites, mobile application, and
other online products and services (collectively, the "Services"), and when you contact our
customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.

---
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information when you register for an account, participate in interactive features (like
listening to a specific song), make a purchase, communicate with us via social media sites,
request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
The information you may provide includes your name, email, password, music listened, street
address, payment method information, feedback and survey responses, and other information
about you included within your messages to us.

---
When you use our Services, we collect the following information about you:
Usage Information: Whenever you use our Services, we collect usage information, such as the
sessions you use, videos you view or music you listen to, what screens or features you access,
and other similar types of usage information.
Transactional Information: When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about
the transaction, such as product description, price, subscription or free trial expiration date, and
time and date of the transaction.
Log Information: We collect standard log files when you use our Services, which include the type
of web browser you use, app version, access times and dates, pages viewed, your IP address,
and the page you visited before navigating to our websites.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to
access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device
identifiers set by your device operating system, and mobile network information (like your
connection type, carrier and region).
Information we Generate: We generate some information about you based on other information
we have collected. For example, like most platforms, we use your IP address to derive the
approximate location of your device. We also use your first name to make an educated guess

---
about your gender and use information about your activity to help determine the likelihood of
pue Sound use our Services in the future (wlGet it nowe will be Premium
Information We Collect from Other Sources
Log in
We also obtain information about you from other sources, including transaction information from
third-party app stores you use to install our app or purchase a subscription and name and
contact information from third-party calendar services. Additionally, if you create or log into your
account through a social media service account, we will have access to certain information from
that account, such as your name and other account information, in accordance with the
authorization procedures set by that social media service.

---
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, and develop new products and service;
Process transactions and fulfill orders;
Send you transactional or relationship messages, such as receipts, account notifications,
customer service responses, and other administrative messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by eSound and others,
request feedback, and send news, gifts or other information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the
rights and property of eSound and others. If you feel your transaction was declined in error,
please contact us for assistance at support@esound.app;
Comply with the law, such as by processing transactional records for tax filings;
Personalize your online experience and the advertisements you see on the app based on your
preferences, interests, and browsing behavior; and
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes, and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards.

---
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the
web and in mobile applications. These entities use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and
other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and
online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network
information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion
information. This information may be used by eSound and others to, among other things, analyze
and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content
targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and online services, and better
understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of
having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices. If you are in the EU, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu/. Your
device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads”
or "Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain
information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.

---
If other individuals have access to your eSound account, then they can access personal data,
controls and the eSound Service available in your account. For example, you might have allowed
someone to use your account on a shared device.

---
Account Information
You may update certain account information you provide to us (such as your password, name
and email address) by logging into your account or contacting us at support@esound.app If you

---
Please note that we may retain certain information when required or permitted by law.
Additionally, cached or archived copies of your information may be retained for a certain period
of time.

---
Legal Basis for Processing
When we process your personal data we will only do so in the following situations:
As necessary to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (like processing
payments and providing the products or services you have requested);
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data, including to communicate
with you about changes to our Services, to help secure and improve our Services (including to
prevent fraud) and to analyze use of our Services;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations; and
When we have your consent to do so.

---
Data Retention
We retain personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is
processed, unless applicable law requires storage for a longer period of time.

---
Data Subject Requests
Subject to certain limits and conditions provided under law, you have the following rights:
You have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data
be corrected, erased, or made available in a portable form.

---
Information for California Residents
This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (or
“CCPA”). In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information:
identifiers (such as name, contact information and device identifiers), internet or other electronic
network activity information (such as browsing behavior), approximate geolocation data,
inferences (such as approximate location or product interests) and other personal information
(such as payment method information, user credentials).
For more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources,
please see the “Collection of Information” section above.
We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “Use of
Information" section above.

---
We do not "sell” the personal information we collect (and will not sell it in the future without
providing a right to opt out).

---
California consumers may make a rights request by emailing us at support@esound.app We will
verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file
about you. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their
behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also
still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.