This privacy policy describes the usage of information provided or collected by DBCL and/or its
subsidiary (ies) and/or affiliate(s) (collectively referred to as the "Company"/ “DBCL”), which operates
various websites/ Mobile applications, Epaper & other services related to our various existing / future
products currently operating under the brand names known as Dainik Bhaskar, Divya Bhaskar, Divya
Marathi, and Bhaskar English including but not limited to delivery of information and content via any
mobile or internet connected device or otherwise (collectively, the "Services"). The Services owned
and operated by DBCL are sole and exclusive property of DBCL and all the rights therein, including but
not limited to intellectual property rights (IPR) therein vests with DBCL at all times. We follow this privacy
policy in accordance with applicable law in the places where we operate. In some cases, we may provide
additional data privacy notices specific to certain services or regions in order to be compliant with
applicable law/rules/regulations in force. Those terms are to be read in combination with this policy.
---
The objective of the privacy policy is to inform you regarding the processing of your Personal
Information which is collected during your visit to our Services. This policy applies to current and former
visitors of the Services, users who register on DBCL in connection with use of our Services, or whose
information DBCL otherwise receives in connection with its Services.
---
I. Collection and Use of Personal Information Personal information (PI) - means any information
relating to an identified or identifiable living person ('data subject' here is referred to as 'you'/'your'). In
particular, using a common identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online
identifier or one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
cultural or social identity of that natural person or any other piece of information as per applicable laws
and regulations.
---
The Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is committed to reasonably protect
it in all respects. The information about the user as collected by the Company is:
---
a. Information you provide to us
Information Collected at the Time of Registration:
When you register for our Services using your web accounts like Google, FB, email login, or any similar
services, we retrieve the following Information from your account(s) to continue to interact with you and
to continue providing you the Services. Information that we collect include -
■ User Name
■ E-mail id
■ Age
■ Gender
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
■ Public profile information
---
Information Collected when you enroll for e-newspaper (hereinafter “Epaper")
subscription/Digital subscription on our platform:
When you enroll for any subscription we may collect the following information from you:
■ Full Name
■ Email ID
■ Mobile No.
■ State
■ Country
■ IP Address
---
Information Collected when you use our Mobile Application
When you download our mobile application we collect the below information, but not limited to
1. Device OS, ID & Model
2. Device Location
3. Contacts access
4. Name
5. Contact Number
6. Date of Birth
7. Gender
8. Photograph
---
We may also ask for any other device permissions as required when using the app or its features which
may be updated from time to time."
---
Information you provide to us voluntarily
We may collect additional information at other times, when you provide feedback(s), modify your
content or email preferences, respond to surveys, participate in contests, or communicate with us by
posting a comment on our Services or asking us a question through our e-mail. This information may
include Personal Information such as, but not limited to, your name, email, mobile number, comment,
postal address etc.
---
Information Automatically Collected/Tracked while Navigation
a. Cookies
To improve the responsiveness of the "Services" for our users, we may use "cookies" (a small text file
that may be used, for example, to collect your information about website/ mobile application activity.
Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a
user) or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as
a User Identification ("User ID") to understand the user's individual interests using the identified
computer. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser(s) (if you click on their
ads), a process that we do not control. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you
interact with us via website(s), application(s) or Services through your computer/laptop/notebook/
mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device or any other electronic device capable of connecting to the internet.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
b. Log File Information
We may automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the internet,
mobile number, including, but not limited to your IP address, browser software, operating system types,
clickstream patterns and dates and times that our Services are accessed, whenever you visit our
Services.
---
We may use cookies to personalize content and advertisements, to provide social media features and to
analyze our traffic. We may also share information about your use of our Services with our social media,
advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to
them or that they've collected from your use of their services.
---
c. Inferred Information through usage and log data
We may collect and track certain information about you based upon your behavior on the Services. We
use this information for conducting internal research on our users' demographics, devices, interests,
and behavior, in order to better understand, protect and serve our users.
---
We may also collect your Information to track user behavior and preferences for internal analytics and
research. We may also use your information:
i. To evaluate your interest for various genres of content, services, offers;
ii. To perform analytics and conduct customer research, to determine your interest, for identifying
content that generates sales and to analyze traffic patterns.
---
If you choose to post messages on social media accounts, message boards, chat rooms or other
message areas or leave feedback, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this
information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as
permitted by law.
---
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters or with any other communication
channel, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on
the Services, we may collect and store such information.
---
d. Information obtained from other Sources
We may receive information about you from other online sources. We may add it to our account
information system and treat it in accordance with this policy. If you provide information to the platform
provider or other partner to whom we provide services, your account information including, but not
limited to, your name, email ID and mobile number may be passed on to us. We may obtain updated
contact information(s) from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfill the Services or to
communicate with you or share the information with any third party.
---
If you link or connect to Services with a third party service such as Google or other similar services, they
may send us information such as your registered e-mail id, other relevant contact details and public
profile information from the service as stated above.
---
II. Processing of Personal Information
We will only collect and process Personal Information about you where we have a lawful basis. Lawful
basis on which we would process your Personal Information includes obtaining explicit consent from you
for processing your Personal Information or processing for "legitimate interests” where processing is
necessary by us to provide you with services (For e.g. processing your information by our group
companies/affiliates).
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
III. Third party services
Third parties provide certain services available on DBCL's behalf. DBCL may provide information,
including Personal Information that DBCL collects on the Services to third-party service providers to
help us deliver programs, products, information, and services. Service providers are also an important
means by which DBCL maintains its Services and mailing lists. DBCL will take reasonable steps to
ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on DBCL's
behalf.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
companies may use information (such as but not limited to your name, email, photos, media files on your
device, location, audio etc.) about your visits to our Services and other websites/ applications in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. However, we do not store this data
in our environment.
---
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for
example, via our applications like social media login the information we collect is through those third-
party sites linked with our applications is covered by this privacy policy, and the information the third-
party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform's privacy practices). Privacy
choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we
have collected directly through our Services. Please also keep in observance that our Services may
contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy
practices of those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect
your Personal Information. All capitalized terms that have not been specifically defined herein shall have
the same meaning as provided under the Terms of Use. DBCL does not provide any Personal Information
to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with an ad you
are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting
criteria used to display the ad.
---
Billing Information
Based on Your purchase of a subscription package, our payment gateway partners including, but not
limited to, RazorPay Software Private Limited or other partner whom we may appoint for the purpose in
future, may collect information with respect to your payment details including, but not limited to
credit/debit card details or other bank account details, UPI details or wallet details along with your billing
address. This information is stored by our payment gateway partners. For instance, DBCL will be using
third party payment gateway partners to process and facilitate the payment of your subscription fee to
DBCL for providing you access to the subscription. Please note that the DBCL does not directly collect
any financial information including, but not limited to credit/debit card details or other bank account
details, UPI details or wallet details from you. Such payment gateway partners are not controlled by us.
When you visit such payment gateways you do so at your own risk. These payment gateways may have
their own privacy policies in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any such payment
gateways. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for such payment gateways, the content of
such payment gateways and their privacy practices, nor do we endorse them. We encourage you to
familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by such payment gateways prior to providing
them with information about you or entering into any transactions with them.
---
While transacting with these payment gateways, you may provide your financial information including
without limitation your credit cards / debit cards, netbanking, UPI, wallets or any digital payment
mechanisms or your details pertaining to any payment settlement or pre-paid instrument service
provider. You understand, agree and acknowledge that DBCL never receives your financial and payment
information from these payment gateways. Your Personal Information, sensitive personal data or
information and financial information will be dealt by these payment gateways in accordance with their
respective privacy policies and other terms and conditions and DBCL shall not be liable, accountable or
responsible for Your Personal Information, sensitive personal data and financial information which you
provide to these payment gateways.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
VII. Monitoring
To the extent permitted by law, DBCL may record and monitor your communications with us to ensure
compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations and our internal policies. This may include the
recording of telephone conversations.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
IX. Security and Compliance with Laws
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized
alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection,
storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical
security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store Personal
Information. All information gathered is securely stored within the Company controlled database. The
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
X. Social media
DBCL operates channels, pages and accounts on some social media sites to inform, assist and engage
with you. DBCL monitors and records comments and posts made on these channels about DBCL in
order to improve its Services.
---
DBCL is not responsible for any information posted on those sites other than the information posted by
its employees on its behalf. DBCL is only responsible for its own use of the personal data received
through such sites.
---
Any other Personal Information shared by you which is not asked by DBCL during registration, either
mandatory or optional; accounts to wilful and intentional furnishing and DBCL will not be liable for
breach of such information.