Welcome to VivaCut application (the “Platform”). The Platform is provided and controlled by (Hangzhou Quwei Technology Co.,
Ltd】 (“we”, “us”, “our”). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") sets out the basis on which any information we collect from you, or that
you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following contents carefully to understand our practices regarding your
information. By accessing or using the Platform, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the “Services"), you
acknowledge the practices described in the Policy. For purposes of the Policy, "you" and "your” means you as the user of the
Services. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY TERM IN THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.

---

I. What Information We Collect
Information about your use of the Platforms. We may collect information about your operation on the Platforms, mainly
including information that you click, browse, download, share, and your search record, or any other information provided during
your use of our Services, so that we could provide you with the functions of the Platforms.
Device and log information. When you use our Services through the Platforms, in order to make sure you use our Services
normally and the functions operating smoothly and safely, improve and optimize your use experience, Carryout advertisement
putting and message push, and protect your account security, we will collect your device and log information as follows:Include
unique device identifier, gaid,device model, system language, country, advertising identifier, operating system, system version
number, IP address, software version number, access network, network quality data, and service log information.
Feedback information. When you contact us for feedback or customer service, we will collect the information and material that
you submitted, your contact information (such as your phone number, email address), so that we could contact you and answer
your questions or provide other customer services to you.
Information for the use of functions. In order to realize image and video processing quickly and accurately, we may need to
upload the material or material tags to be processed to the cloud server for effect processing. The uploaded materials or tags are
only used for image/video effect processing through related functions. We will not store the materials, tags and any related
information for more than necessary time, or use them for any other purpose besides this, or Provide to third parties.
When you choose to use certain functions that require facial information (such as certain template functions), we may need to
collect your facial recognition for comprehensive statistics and feature analysis through algorithms to provide you with a more
optimized experience and effects. feature. After completing the processing of the corresponding material and returning the
processing effect to you, we will delete this part of the information immediately.
When you apply to become a creator, you can fill in your nickname, gender, country and other information in the "Basic
Information", and you can fill in your social platform, personal homepage link and other information to prove your creative ability. In
order to ensure the security of your account and related transactions, we will require your real name, identity ID, identity certificate
and other information for real-name authentication. Without real-name authentication, you may not be able to obtain relevant
services that require real-name authentication, but your use of other functions will not be affected.
VivaCut may allow you to upload, edit, create Al-generated, store, and share content, including your photos and text description
("User Content"). Immediately after the successful generation of Al pohotos, your original photos, as well as any associated Image
Data, are deleted permanently from our servers. We do not Use your Personal Data to train and/or create separate artificial
intelligence/products.

---

II. Which permissions we might ask you to authorize
In order to provide you with more high-quality, efficient products and services and improve your service experience, we
may ask you to authorize the corresponding terminal device permissions in the following additional services we provide
to you. We collect the following permissions and corresponding information following the criterion of minimal data
collection with your consent:

---

•Read and write external memory card: for reading and writing files on external memory card for video editing;
•Microphone permissions: for recording audio (we will apply for this permission since version 2.12.0);
•Photo album: Video or pictures are imported, and one of them can be uploaded as your avatar;
•Web access: a variety of network services for accessing and downloading materials;
•Personalized Recommendation: provide you with better-personalized services based on the following related necessary log
information (such as click, use, save, and other operation information).
•Facial information: to achieve the display effects of these features, we may obtain the materials you upload and some facial
feature information, but in this process, we will not store or share your facial landmarks or other facial feature information. If this
feature needs to be completed on cloud servers, the materials you upload may be temporarily uploaded to the server to generate
material effects more quickly and with higher quality, and to conduct comprehensive statistics and algorithmic analysis, in order to
provide you with a better experience and effect. Before you consent to the collection of this information, we will not actively collect,
use, or store the facial-related information involved in this feature, but refusing to provide the aforementioned information will make
you unable to use the above-mentioned features.

---

You can check the status of the above permissions in the system settings of your terminal device, and you can turn on or off any
or all above permissions at your own discretion at any time. Please note that when you open any permission, it means that you
authorize us to collect and use the personal information corresponding to the permission to provide you with the above
corresponding services. Once you turn off any permission, it means that you cancel or revoke the authorization of the permission,
and we will no longer continue to collect and use the corresponding personal information based on this permission, nor will we be
able to provide you with the services corresponding to this permission. However, your decision to turn off the permissions will not
affect the previous collection and use of information based on your previous authorization.

---

III.How We Collect Your Information
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you. We collect information directly from you when you use the customer services
on the Platforms.
We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like Google Analytics, browser cookies and web
beacons (see below for details) for collecting information about your usage of our Platforms.

---

V.Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you use our Services, certain information may be stored locally on your mobile device using "cookies" or similar
technologies such as Google Analytics and web beacons.
1.Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file or data file used to store limited information about the user of the device and is stored on
your device. "Cookies" are identifiers we transfer to your mobile device that allow us to recognize your device and tell us
how and when the Services or website are used or visited, by how many people and to track movements within our app.
Cookies also link to information regarding what items you have clicked or pages you have viewed. Cookies are also used
to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website usage.It helps us to identify how our users use our
Services and so that we can continuously evolve and improve it. We use information collected from cookies to improve
users' experience and the overall quality of our Services. If you are uncomfortable with cookies, you can decline cookies
at any time by modifying your browser settings. Most browsers are set to accept cookies automatically. You can set your
browser to decline all cookies automatically or to prompt you for a response each time a cookie is offered.
2.Google Analytics.
Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). We use Google Analytics to collect
anonymized statistics in order to improve the Site. You may refer to http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners to
find out more about how Google uses data when you use our website and how to control the information sent to Google.

---

VI.Storage and Retention of Your Information
1. Storage of Your Information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination inside or outside of your
country, for the purposes as described in the Policy. By submitting your information, you agree to this transfer, storing
or processing. We will take reasonable steps to secure your information and treat it in accordance with the Policy and
applicable laws.
2. Retention of Your Information
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide ourServices or fulfill the original or directly related
purpose for which such information was collected, or for other business purposes such as complying with our legal
obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We are required by law to keep some types of information
for certain periods of time (e.g. statute of limitations). If your personal information is no longer necessary for the legal or
business purposes for which it is processed, we will generally destroy or anonymize that information.

---

• Analyze the partners in the service category and the advertising category. To maintain / improve our products / services
and provide you with better content, partner SDK s or other applications are embedded in the software and the relevant
SDK acquire your unique device ID (AndroidID) to analyze your use of our services, demonstrating advertising,
measuring the effectiveness of advertising and services.
•Third-party channel login and sharing partners. To enable you to log in with a third-party account and share information
(such as video) on third-party platforms, the partner SDK s or other similar applications are embedded in the software,
and the relevant SDK gets your unique device identity (AndroidID).
•Information push partners. In order to provide you with the information push function, the partner's SDK or other similar
applications will be embedded in the software, and the relevant SDK retrieves your unique device ID (AndroidID) and a
list of running applications.

---

VIII. How We Protect Your Information
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access,
disclosure or other similar risks, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect from your using of our Services on the Platforms. We will use all
reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information.

---

Should a parent or
guardian have reasons to believe that a minor has provided us with personal information without their prior consent,
please contact us to ensure that the personal information is removed and the minor unsubscribes from any of our
applicable Services.

---

We collect, use, store and share your personal information in the same way as described in the main body of this Privacy
Policy.
Your Special Rights Under the CCPA
Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
•the categories of personal information about you that we collected;
•the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
•the purpose for collecting personal information about you;
•the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you and the categories of personal
information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the personal information about you;
•the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Request we delete personal information we collected from you, unless CCPA recognizes an exemption.