1. INTRO
We, Dream Games Teknoloji A.Ş. (as of November 1,
2025, we will become Dream Games Dijital Teknolojiler
A.Ş.), are a technology company that designs, develops
and operates mobile games. With this Privacy Policy, we
explain how and why we collect, store, use, disclose and
otherwise process personal data that we collect via our
website, online advertisements and mobile games
(collectively, our "Services"). This Privacy Policy does not
apply to any other data we collect, such as data we
collect offline, from job applicants, or from employees.

---
2. WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA WE
COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Personal Data Collected Directly from You
We may collect the following types of personal data from
you depending on how you use our Services and where
you are located:
• Contact Information, including your country or
region, name, surname, e-mail address or username.
• User Generated Content, including any files,
documents, videos, images, data, or information you
choose to upload or transmit through your
communications with us or your use of our Services.
• Profile and Gameplay Information, such as your
screen name, avatar or profile picture; your in-game
progress, scores, achievements and payments
(including what you paid for, when and for how much);
the competitions you enter; details about how and
when you use our Services; and information about
your membership and participation in teams on our
Services, including messages you send in team
forums.
• Survey Information, including feedback and ratings
you provide relating to our Services.
• Inferences, such as information generated from your
use of our Services, reflecting predictions about your
interests and preferences.
• Parental Information, including your parent's e-mail
address and PIN to be created, only if you activate
parental control setting in our Services.

---
Information We Collect Automatically
Depending on which of our Services you interact with and
your location, we may automatically collect and process
the following types of personal data:
• Analytics Data, including a user ID that is associated
with details about how you use and interact with our
games, advertising and other Services; event and
conversion data about how and when you use our
Services; information about the device you use to
access our Services; your Internet Protocol (“IP”)
address; browsing history and interactions with our
website; operating system and version; internet
browser type and version and other details regarding
the performance of our Services on your device,
including crash logs and diagnostic information (such
as battery life, loading time, latency, framerate, or
other technical diagnostics);
• Device Data, including your persistent and non-
persistent unique device IDs, Identifier For Advertisers
(“IDFA”) on iOS, Google Advertising ID on Android,
Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”) on iOS, App Set ID on
Android, and game center ID;
• Location Data, including your location based on your
Internet Protocol ("IP") address; and
• Commercial Information, such as products and
services paid for, obtained, or considered, or other
consuming histories or tendencies;

---
Personal Data Collected from Third Parties
Most of the personal data that we collect about you
comes directly from you when you play our games or
interact with our Services. However, we may also collect
personal data from third parties in the following
circumstances:
• Social Media: When you interact with our Services
through various social media networks, such as when
you "Like" our official page on Facebook or follow us,
or share our official page's content on Google,
Facebook, X, or other social networks, we may receive
some information about you. The data we receive
depends on your privacy settings with the social
network and may include name, profile picture and
friends list. You should always review and, if necessary,
adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites,
social media networks, and services before making
your personal data publicly available and/or linking or
connecting your account on one service to other
services.
• App Marketplaces: When you download our mobile
applications or make in-app payments through the
Apple App Store, Google Play or other app
marketplaces, we receive personal data about your
device, account and payments. We do not receive
access to your credit card or bank account data when
you make in-app payments through these app
marketplaces. The personal data we receive from
these third-party companies will depend on your
privacy settings with them.
• Information we receive from authentication services
you connect to our Service: Some parts of our
Services may allow you to log in through a third-party
social network or authentication service, such as
Facebook, Google and Apple. These services will
authenticate your identity and provide you the option
to share certain personal data with us, which could
include your name, email address and user ID
associated with the third party, profile picture, and, in
the case of Facebook, the names and avatars of your
Facebook friends who are already playing our games.
The data we receive is dependent on that third party's
policies and your privacy settings on that third-party
site. Where available, you will also be able to see
which of your friends are playing the same game and
their progress through the games (and they will be
able to see you and your progress) or access other
functionality we make available in our games and
other Services, such as inviting friends to play. You can
choose not to allow us to access your email address in
the Facebook dialog box you see the first time you
associate your Facebook account with your Dream
Games profile.
Logging in with Facebook will not allow us to post
anything to your page without your permission, and
we will not receive any information about your
Facebook friends who do not play our games. If you
do not wish your Facebook friends to be able to see
your progress in our games, you can prevent this by
disconnecting your Facebook account from our games
and updating your app permissions from within your
Facebook settings.

---
If you choose not to connect your Dream Games
profile to your Facebook, Google or Apple account,
the personal data that we collect when you play our
games will be linked to a randomly generated user ID
rather than information that could identify you directly,
but we will collect device-level identifiers and other
information associated with those identifiers described
above. We recommend that you read Facebook's
Privacy Policy, and review your privacy settings from
time to time to ensure that you understand fully how
your Facebook data is shared.

---
• Meta's Advanced Mobile Measurement (AMM)
Service: We may receive non-aggregated, device-
level mobile analytics data (“Mobile Measurement
Data") from Meta Platforms, Inc. and its affiliates
(collectively, "Meta”) through their Advanced Mobile
Measurement (AMM) service. This data relates to users
who downloaded our games (e.g., Royal Match or
Royal Kingdom) via Meta advertisements and may
include event-level interactions and device identifiers.
We use this data solely on an aggregated and
anonymous basis to assess the effectiveness of our
advertising campaigns on Meta platforms (including
Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram), conduct cohort
analyses, and inform our internal business intelligence
dashboards.
• Other Sources: We may also collect personal data
from publicly available sources, third parties who
obtain your prior consent to send us your personal
data, or through transactions such as mergers and
acquisitions.

---
• Disclosures to Protect Our Rights, Your Rights or the
Rights of Others (e.g., as Required by Law and
Similar Disclosures): We may access, preserve, and
disclose your personal data to third parties, such as
legal advisors and law enforcement authorities, if we
believe doing so is required or appropriate: (i) to
comply with law enforcement or national security
requests and legal processes, such as a court order or
subpoena; (ii) to respond to your requests; (iii) to
protect your, our or others' rights, property or safety;
(iv) to enforce our policies or contracts; (v) to collect
amounts owed to us; (vi) when we believe disclosure is
necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or
financial loss or in connection with an investigation or
prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; (vii)
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or
defense of legal claims; or (viii) if we, in good faith,
believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or
advisable.

---
• Ad Networks and Advertising Partners: We work with
third-party ad networks and advertising partners to
deliver advertising and personalized content on
websites and services that we do not operate, and
across other devices. These parties may collect
information directly from a browser or device when an
individual visits our Services through cookies or other
data collection technologies. This information is used
to provide and inform our targeted advertising, as well
as to provide advertising-related services such as
reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Please see Section 5 (Targeted Advertising) below for
more information. Where permitted by applicable
laws, we may also disclose personal data to our
advertising partners to help them send you
information that we believe will be of interest to you.

---
AdTech Providers use this information to make the online
ads users see more relevant to their interests and provide
advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution,
analytics and market research. AdTech Providers combine
the personal data that we disclose to them with data they
may have collected about the same individuals elsewhere,
such as when those individuals use other websites and
online services that rely on the same AdTech Providers.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and
use of your personal data by AdTech Providers. We
recommend that you review AdTech Providers' privacy
policies for more information. A list of some AdTech
Providers we rely on and their privacy policies can be
found here.

---
Delete or Reset our Services: If you delete our games
from your mobile device, we will no longer collect
personal data via our games on your mobile device and
any data associated with our Services that is stored on
your device (which may include your game progress) may
be deleted. However, we may still process any personal
data we collected from you before you deleted our games
from your mobile device. You can also reset your mobile
advertising identifier using your phone, in which case you
will appear to us and our advertising partners as a new
user that is not associated with any prior activity or data.

---
Change our Services' Access to Your Device
Information: You may control our Services' access to your
device information through your "Settings" app on your
device. For instance, you can withdraw permission for our
Services to access your network devices and location data
and to integrate with your other applications.

---
To submit a request to exercise your privacy rights, you
can contact us by any method described in the Contact
Us section below. In your request, please describe what
rights you are exercising and how you would like us to
assist. We may need to request specific information from
you to help us verify your identity and that you have the
right to request what you are requesting. These are
security measures to ensure that we do not disclose
personal data to any person who has no right to receive it,
or otherwise process the data in unauthorized ways. We
may also contact you to ask for further information about
your request to clarify the scope of your request and
speed up our response. We will respond to requests to
exercise privacy rights according to applicable laws.

---
8. CHILDREN
We do not intend to or knowingly collect personal data
from children 12 and under. If a child 12 or under has
provided personal data to us, we encourage the child's
parent or guardian to contact us to request that we
remove the personal data from our systems. If you believe
that we might have any information from or about
children, please contact us.

---
9. SECURITY
We maintain physical, technical, electronic and
procedural measures intended to protect personal data
from unauthorized processing, including firewalls, data
encryption technologies, internal data security protocols
and data protection and processing agreements with
organizations that receive your personal data from us.
However, no server, computer or communications
network or system, or data transmission over the internet
can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while
we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure
or warrant the security of any personal data you transmit
to us or through our Services.

---
11. RETENTION
The length of time for which we retain personal data
depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it
and how long we need to retain it to comply with
applicable laws (including for the purpose of satisfying
any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting
requirements), to establish, exercise or defend our legal
rights, or to make the data available to judges and courts
or the competent public authorities. Once personal data is
no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was
collected, to meet legal requirements, in connection with
legal rights, or for courts or authorities, we delete it.