Secret Phone Inc. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we
ever ask you to provide any information by which you can be identified when using
our website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this
privacy statement.
---
What are cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard
drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or
lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to
respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your
needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your
preferences.
---
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us
analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to adapt it to
customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and
then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us to provide you
with a better website experience, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or
decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may
prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
---
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you (e.g.
under UK Data Protection Act 1998). A small fee will be payable. If you would like a
copy of the information held on you please use our Contact page.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
please email us as soon as possible, at the above Contact page. We will correct any
information found to be incorrect.
---
2. Consent to Use of Data
You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information,
including but not limited to technical information about Your mobile device, system
and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate
the provision of software updates, product support and other services to You (if any)
related to the Licensed Application. We may use this information, as long as it is in a
form that does not personally identify You, to improve our Services offered to You
(for further information on our privacy policy click here).
---
3. What data Zangi Messenger app collects and how it is used
User privacy is our mission, therefore we have done our best to avoid any personal
or private data collection. However, some optional features like user Profile (Name/
Surname/ Photo) and Invite "Friends via SMS" / "Invite" in Contacts need some data
access to fulfill their operations:
3.1 User Profile name Name/ Surname/ Photo / Bio (Optional): Users can choose to
skip adding their Name/ Surname/ Photo / Bio in their Profile and communicate
absolutely anonymously, but when filled out, they are to be aware that the Name/
Surname/ Photo /Bio in Zangi Messenger Profile is shared with other Zangi users,
who knows the user's Zangi Private number. How? When you call or message each
other, Zangi shows the Name/ Surname / Photo of the sender in the conversation/
push/ call screen. All listed plus Bio are seen in the your profile when other users tap
on your profile avatar in the app. None of the listed is shared to any 3rd party outside
of the Zangi Messenger system except for legal compliance cases.
How to delete your Profile name Name/ Surname/ Photo? Just remove the data
from your App Profile Section by tapping on the Edit icon. This data will also be
removed when the user deletes his/her Zangi account from the Zangi Messenger
Settings → Privacy → Delete account.
3.2 Copying the user's Phone book Contacts (Optional, with user Consent) within
the same device into Zangi Messenger's Contacts section located on the same
device, NOT leaving the user's device storage, NOT sent to the servers, NOT shared
to 3rd parties: In order to use the features "Invite Friends” → “Invite By SMS" and
"Invite" → "Invite By SMS” in Zangi Messenger, users need their Phone Book
Contacts to send invitations. To copy a user's Phone Book contacts into Zangi
Messenger app's Contact section, located on the user's phone storage, the app will
ask the user for permission within a pop-up, explaining the usage and with the
options to Accept or Decline. This will happen when the user has just installed the
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
"Accept" will mean giving Consent to a local copy of user's Phone Book contacts
into Zangi Messenger app's Contact section one time, and to maintain runtime
synchronization of your contacts, i.e., whenever you add/remove a contact from your
Phone book, allow Zangi Messenger App do the same in the Zangi Messenger's
Contacts section, not bothering the user by asking the same question every time
they sync runtime.
"Decline" will mean there will be no phone Book Contacts to send invites to. The
app's Contacts tab's "All contacts” section will remain blank, while Zangi contacts
(Zangi virtual numbers) with whom you have interacted via Zangi messenger may
appear in the Contact tab "Zangi Contacts" section.
What if you have changed your mind about Contact permission? Let's say you gave
permission one time then changed your mind, how to revert? Navigate to your
phone's App section, search for “Zangi Messenger” → Permissions → and remove
the Contacts permission, then save. This action won't remove already copied
contacts from the App Contacts section (it's a local copy never leaving your device),
but it will prevent runtime synchronization with your phone book contacts. Next time
you use any of the above-listed features, the App will ask for permission again.
---
3.3 Registration data and technical identifiers. On sign-up the app assigns the user
a country code, push token and device ID, as well as gets your device type and / or
model, operating system and Zangi app version. All listed in section 3.3 data is
securely stored on servers and is used for technical and support purposes unless
otherwise required by law.
---
investigation/ suppoеnа / Court order requesting to share any available in the system
data, Zangi will share the following data of the suspected in the crime user:
registration date, account deletion date, last login date, name completed in the
profile, Bio, Premium subscription status, subscription transaction ID,
subscription/renewal date, device model, device platform and operating system
version, push token, Device ID, which is the real Device ID for Android and system
generated for iOS. If the user is an old user who has signed in via email/phone
number, also the sign-in email /phone number will be provided. Users with Zangi
virtual numbers starting with 10 DO NOT have any assigned email or phone number.
Authority requests supported by duly served supporting documents must be sent to
legal@zangi.com