Hungry Studio (“Hungry Studio” or “we”, “us”, “our”) highly values your privacy. This Privacy Policy (the
"Policy") sets out how we collect, use and protect your personal data(also known as personal
information in certain jurisdictions)when you access, use and play games, features, content and
services related to our games, related websites and other online services (the “Services"). Hungry
Studio is operated by ARETIS LIMITED, the controller (or a similar role) who is responsible for handling
your personal data under this Policy. Please read and understand this Policy carefully before using
our Services so that you can better understand our Services and make appropriate choices.

---

1. What Personal Data We Collect

---

1. What Personal Data We Collect
We may collect personal data when you use our Services. Personal data usually means any information
relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person usually refers to the
one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier of that natural
person.
Please note that the data we listed in this Policy may not constitute personal data in according to the
applicable data protection law, the personal data should be read and interpreted in the light of and shall
not be interpreted in a way that runs counter to the rights and obligations provided for in the applicable

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

data protection law.
Personal data does NOT include “anonymized" data, which is data we collect about the use of the
Service or about a group or category of products, services or users, or other data from which individual
identities or other personal data has been removed so that the individual concerned cannot be
identified directly or indirectly. Such data helps us understand trends and our users' needs so that we
can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Service. This Policy in no way restricts or limits
our collection and use of such data. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your
personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we will treat the combined data as
personal data which will be used in accordance with this Policy.
We may collect data that you voluntarily provide to us, data that we collect automatically through your
use of the services, and certain data we obtain from third party sources.

---

1.1 Personal Data You Provide to Us
When you interact with our Services, you may provide us with the following types of data:
• Advertising Preferences Data. If you authorize us to collect your advertising ID (e.g.IDFA), we may
use it to provide more relevant advertising experiences.
• Customer Service Data. When you contact us for support or feedback, participate in activities or
surveys held by us, or subscribe to our information push, we may collect your information, which
includes your name, email address, delivery address, and any additional details you provide to us.
The specific personal data collected shall be subject to the relevant interface display or
communication with you.

---

1.2 Personal Data We Collect Automatically
When you use our Services, we automatically collect certain information. This includes:
•
Identifiers Data. This includes your device ID (e.g., device IP address, IDFV, Android ID, Google AID,
IMEI) and your device IP address. Approximate location is inferred from IP address.
• Device and Technical Data.This includes your device model, CPU information, storage size, screen
size, network type, device country, device language, operating system version, device timezone,and
other technical information.
•
Usage Data.Information about how you interact with our Services, including game events, scores,
session duration, interactions and other gameplay information.
• Advertising Data.Information related to the ads and the advertising interactions, such as ads
displayed, visible time period, the size of the ads, ad impressions, clicks, and conversions.This data
helps us measure advertising effectiveness.

---

1.3 Personal Data We Received from Third Parties

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

We may also receive information about you from third parties, including:
•
• Social Media Platforms.
When you choose to log in with a Google account, we use the account verification service provided
by it and will receive necessary information, such as login code (encrypted), login status, to enable
account functionality. Please note that your use of any third-party solution for sign-up, and the
personal data you provide to that third party or data collected by them, will be explained by that
third party and access to their sign-up services is governed by their terms of use, privacy policies,
and other policies. You may check its privacy policy for details at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
When you participate in activities hosted on third-party platforms, we may receive the information
about your participation, based on your authorization, which shall be subject to the notification of
the relevant activities.
App Marketplaces.
When you make in-app subscriptions through the Apple App Store and Google Play, we receive your
device ID, payment time, payment order (encrypted), and payment status. Please note that payment
transactions for in-app subscription are completed through the app marketplace via your app
marketplace account. We do not process payments for in-app subscriptions, nor do we have access
to your credit card information.

---

1.4 No Special Categories of Personal Data
Certain categories of personal data, such as details about your race or ethnicity, religious or
philosophical beliefs and so on, are considered more sensitive than other categories of personal data in
certain jurisdictions and require a higher level of protection. To clarify, our Services do not collect any
types of those special categories of personal data.

---

Specifically, we use collected personal data for the following purposes as
assigned to the above description of the respective processing activity:

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

2.7 To Administer Surveys and Other Activities
Participation in these activities is voluntary, and we will obtain your consent if it is required by
applicable law.
We only process your personal data when there is a legal basis permitted by the applicable law. The
legal basis will depend on the context and purpose for which we collect and use your data.
If you reside in the EEA, we process personal data relating to your use of our Products and Services
when one of the following applies:
• Contractual necessity: it is necessary for us to collect and process certain data to enable us to
enter into a contract with you and perform our contractual obligations. This applies to Section 2.1 To
Provide, Maintain and Perform Our Services.
•
•
Legitimate interests: we may rely on legitimate interests, where these are not overridden by your
interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, to collect and use your personal data to operate and
improve our business. This applies to:
• Section 2.2 To Enhance Game Performance and User Experience;
• Section 2.3 To Push Our Services Information by Groups;
• Section 2.4 To Provide Customer Support and Respond to Your Inquiries;
• Section 2.5 To Ensure Security and Compliance with Legal Obligations;
• Section 2.6 To Deliver Advertising and Marketing Communications. If the relevant processing
behavior is necessary for the delivery and display of general advertisements that are not targeted
at individuals, or to our basic advertising effectiveness measurement. The details are displayed
on our CMP (consent management platform) when you open our App.
Fulfillment of legal obligation: we may be required by the applicable law to collect and use your
personal data to comply with our legal obligations. This applies to Section 2.5 To Ensure Security
and Compliance with Legal Obligations.
• Consent: in limited circumstances and to the extent the legal bases for processing set out above do
not apply, certain data will be collected when you have given us informed consent. This applies to
Section 2.6 To Deliver Advertising and Marketing Communications and Section 2.7 To Administer
Surveys and Other Activities. You may withdraw your consent at any time but this will not affect the
validity of the processing activities prior to the withdrawal. For details, please refer to Section 6'Your
Legal Rights'.
• Other: we may also collect and use your personal data based on other legal bases under the
applicable law.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

• Advertising partners. We may share your data with advertising partners to recognize you or your
device and to serve ads to you or your device and measure the effectiveness of those ads. The data
we shared may include device identifiers (GAID or IDFA), IP address, and other information regarding
the delivery of advertisements and your interaction with them such as data related to the device,
display screen, App, version, user agent, network, SIM card, time zone, and cell location.
These providers may use APIs, SDKs, cookies or similar tracking technologies to collect information
about your device and your Service use. We use a CMP to manage the consent and permission for
our advertising based activity, and require our advertising partners to process personal data
according to the permission situation we have transmitted. These partners may process your data
under their own privacy policies. For further information, please refer to 'Appendix-Advertising
Partners List'. If you'd like to withdraw consent, or opt-out from advertisements related matters,
please see the Section 6 'Your Legal Rights' below.
Some third-party services also let you post information about your game activity to their sites to share
with others. If you use these features, those third-party services' privacy policies and terms govern
your actions on those sites and the information that those services collect.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

To facilitate our operations across global markets, we may choose to store your personal data on a
local server or a server located in a foreign country depending upon the IT configurations of our
Services, and may transfer and process your personal data with our service providers located at
different countries, which may be adjusted from time to time. Currently, the personal data we collected
is stored on AWS Cloud in the United States.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

•
Erasure right. You may request us to delete your personal data. If your country/territory of origin is
within the EEA, under the following conditions, you have the right to request us to delete your
personal data:
• The respective processing purpose has been achieved;
• We have unlawfully processed your personal data;
• You have withdrawn your consent without another legal basis applying to the data processing;
• You have successfully objected to the data processing;
• In cases where there is an obligation to delete personal data on the basis of EU law or the law of
an EU member state to which we are subject; or
• The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services
referred to in Art 8(1) of the GDPR.

---

• Portability right. You may request us to help you transfer your personal data to other entities. If
your country/territory of origin is within the EEA, you have the right to receive from us personal data
concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-
readable format, as well as the right to request us to forward this personal data to another controller
under the following conditions:
• the data processing is based on consent or the contract;
• the processing is carried out by automated means.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

•
Withdrawal of consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time. As a result, we are no longer
allowed to continue the processing based on this consent in the future. This does not affect the
legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the point of withdrawal.
Where applicable, we use a CMP to gather and share consent and permissions for our advertising-
based activity. You can change your preferences at any time in the Privacy settings of our Games.
You may manage your consent related to advertisement through the in-game settings interface.
Please note that you may still receive advertisements from us and third parties on our Services even
if you withdraw your consent of tailored advertising; but these ads will not be tailored to you.

---

If you reside in California, you may have the right to:
•
Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months
preceding your request:
• the categories of personal data about you that we collected;
• the categories of sources from which the personal data was collected;
• the purpose for collecting personal data about you;
• the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal data about you and the categories
of personal data that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the personal
data about you;
• the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you;
• Request we delete personal data we collected from you, unless CCPA recognizes an exception;
• Right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal data.In some cases, you may have the right
to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data. You are always free to opt out from
the future collection of your personal data by us and other companies by choosing one of the
following methods:
• Turning on “Do Not Sell My Data" in our app settings.
• Sending your requests regarding your personal data to exercise your rights to
privacy@hungrystudio.com at any time.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

7. Children's Privacy
Our Services are designed and provided to users of various age groups. We do not knowingly collect
personal data from, or serve targeted advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable
laws. If you believe we have served a targeted advertisement to a child or might have any personal data
from or about a child, may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal data knowingly from, children
in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at privacy@hungrystudio.com.

---

8. Changes to this Policy
This Policy may be changed from time to time. If we change anything important about this Policy (e.g.,
the type of personal data we collect), we will provide a prominent link together with the updated policy
for your reference on our Services. By continuing to use the Services, you acknowledge that you
have read and understood the updated Policy.

---

Appendix: Advertising Partners List

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

| Partners | Services/Products | Privacy Policy |
|---|---|---|
| Amazon (US) | Amazon Ads API | https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/privacy-notice |
| AppLovin Corporation (US) | AppLovin SDK and Applovin MAX SDK | https://www.applovin.com/privacy |
| Appsflyer Ltd. (Israel) | AppsFlyer SDK | https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy |
| ByteDance Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) | Pangle SDK | https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy |
| Digital Turbine (IL) Ltd / Fyber Group (Israel) | Fyber (DT Exchange) SDK | https://www.digitalturbine.com/legal/privacy-policy |
| Facebook, Inc. (US) | Facebook Analytics Facebook Audience Network | https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy |
| InMobi PTE Ltd (Singapore) | Inmobi SDK | https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy |
| Ogury Ltd (UK) | Ogury SDK; ironSource Ads SDK | https://privacy.ogury.com |
| Unity Ads Inc. (US) | Unityads SDK | https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy |
| Vungle, Inc. (US) | Vungle(Liftoff) SDK | https://vungle.com/privacy/ |
| Verve Group, Inc. (US) | Verve SDK | https://www.verve.com/privacy-policy |
| Google Inc. (US) and its partners (e.g., Ad4game Inc Canada, Arsus Technologies Ltd Turkey) | Google AdMob SDK | https://policies.google.com/privacy |