This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if
anyone decided to use our Service.
---
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal
Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with
anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
---
[SECTION: Information Collection and Use]
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information, including but not limited to Ad ID, name, age, gender and interests. The information that we request will be retained
by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
---
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
---
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
• Google Play Services
•
Google Analytics for Firebase
•
Facebook
---
[SECTION: Log Data]
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information
(through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
---
[SECTION: Cookies]
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your
browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
---
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies”
to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
[SECTION: Security]
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of
protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and
reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
---
[SECTION: Children's Privacy]
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately
delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
---
[SECTION: Data Deletion Policy]
Data Deletion Policy
Data Deletion and Retention Policy This policy applies to our dating application, Dating App, developed by App Game
Development Solutions, as published on Google Play Store.
Users who wish to have their account and associated data deleted can do so directly within the app. Navigate to the "Settings"
menu and select the "Delete Profile" option. This will erase your profile and all chat history, which includes all information that
we've collected, such as your name, age, date of birth, gender, interests, gender preferences, and preferred age range of potential
partners. Please note that once your data is deleted through this method, it cannot be recovered.