1. Overview
This is the Website and App Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) of the UK registered branch of Cookpad Inc., a
corporation registered at WeWork Ocean Gate Minatomirai, 3-7-1 Yokohama-shi Nishi Ward Minatomirai,
Kanagawa, Japan (“Cookpad”) and we are the data controller in respect of the Personal Information (as
defined below) that we collect from you. It covers information Cookpad collects from users and visitors of
our official website (“Site”) and official mobile app ("App").

---
2. What does this Privacy Policy cover?
We process certain information about you visit or when you use our service provided by our Site or App
("Cookpad Service”). Some of that information may enable you to be identifiable (“Personal Information").
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store and use your Personal Information when you visit or use
our Site and App. It also describes the types of Personal Information we collect, how we use this Personal
Information to ensure we provide a relevant and timely Cookpad Service to you, and to improve your
experience of the Cookpad Service.

---
3. What Personal Information do we collect from you?

---
4. Cookies
We and our third-party partners, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics
providers, use cookies and similar technologies to provide, support and improve Cookpad Service and each
of the uses outlined and described in this Privacy Policy. Our partners also may collect information about
your online activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or apps. Those third parties may
have their own privacy policies governing their use of your Personal Information. To switch off cookies, you
need to change your browser settings. For further information about how to do this please visit
http://www.aboutcookies.org/. Please note that if you choose to switch off cookies on your device that will
mean certain functions of our Site and App cannot operate properly and the usability of the Cookpad
Service will be affected.

---
5. How do we use Personal Information collected from you?
• We, or third-party data processors acting on our behalf, use the Personal Information we collect from
you in the following ways: To provide, develop, maintain, tailor and improve the Cookpad Service and
any other services that we operate
For example, we might use your Personal Information to:
• verify your identity;
• allow access to the Site and App;
• facilitate the access and amendment of registration information;
• store information about preferences;
• customise the content on the Site and App in order to provide a more suitable, enriching and
improved user experience for you, including the online advertising displayed on the Cookpad Service;
• enable users to participate in competitions and promotions;
• transmit notices relating to the Cookpad Service and deliver prizes and products to you; and
•
ensure security of the Site and App.
• To conduct analysis and marketing activity
For example, we might use your Personal Information to:
• monitor the number of users using the Site and App in certain geographical locations;
• monitor use of the Cookpad Service in order to understand how it is used and to understand how we
can improve the Cookpad Service;
• select participants for user interviews or testing conducted by us or other trusted partners; or
• provide advertisers, information providers and service providers with information on the types of
advertisements and information which can or should be displayed or provided to you through the
Cookpad Service.
• To protect you, us and others
For example, we might use your Personal Information to:
• promote safety and security on Cookpad Service to protect you and your Personal Information;
• deny use of the Cookpad Service to previous registered users who have: (a) not made prompt
payment; (b) caused damage to Cookpad, other users or third parties; or (c) breached our terms of use
("Terms of Use") or used Cookpad Service in a fraudulent or improper way; or
• protect users of the Cookpad Service and our Our Group against threats such as fraud or cyber-
attacks.
• To conduct direct marketing and promote the Cookpad Service.
For example, we might use your Personal Information to:
• contact you from time to time with material that we think may be of interest to you, unless you ask us
not to; or
• advertise or promote new functions, events or news by sending notifications or e-mail newsletters to
you.
All email newsletters include the option to unsubscribe. Except for notices and communications about
the operation of the Cookpad Service, you may opt-out of emails and push notifications from us at any
time by using the notifications panel in your account on the site. We will not provide your email address
to any third parties for marketing purposes.
• To communicate with you
We may use your contact details to communicate with you in order to respond to queries you have
raised with us.
• For other purposes
• for internal corporate reporting, business administration, ensuring adequate insurance coverage for
our business, ensuring the security of company facilities, research and development, and to identify
and implement business efficiencies;
• to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us – this may include where we
reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others to comply, as
well as where we are legally required to do so;
• to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights – this may include where we reasonably consider it is in
our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, as well as where we are legally required to
do so;
• if you contact us on social media, to monitor your interactions with us and our brand online, where it is
in our legitimate interests to do so for market research and for planning future marketing campaigns;
or
• if we use your photograph or video footage from an event, to amplify the event to a broader audience
and for internal presentation purposes, where it is in our legitimate interests for marketing and
business development purposes or where we have your consent.

---
• Anonymous data
We will anonymize or aggregate data collected through the Cookpad Service and use and disclose it for
any business purpose. However, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised details we
disclose for these purposes.

---
Trusted Cookpad Partners: We may share your Personal Information with the following trusted partners
and agents only if they need such information to perform their specific obligations or services to us. You
may request a copy of the list of these partners by using the contact details here.
• The trusted partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and agents who cooperate with us to provide the Site
and App, or in collecting, storing or processing your information for us.
• Advertisers and advertising networks that require information to select and serve relevant adverts to you
and others. We do not disclose Personal Information to our advertisers, but we may provide them with
aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 users from France
have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to
help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the Personal
Information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by
displaying their advertisement to that target audience. Read our Cookie Policy to learn more about
opting out of personalized advertising.
• Analytics and search engine providers, and research institutions and suppliers, that assist us in the
improvement and optimisation of, and understanding of the use of and behaviour on, the Site, App and
Cookpad Service. For example, we may use Google Analytics to collect and process information about
how Cookpad Service is used.

---
We keep daily backups of the Site which will automatically be deleted after 60 days, and a monthly backup
which will allow us to keep a record of how the Site appears each month (both of which will include
Personal Information) and which we will keep for 6 years, in each case for the purposes of maintaining the
Site, and establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights. We put measures in place to ensure that
any Personal Information which is stored on our backup systems is put "beyond all reasonable use”. That
means that we cannot and will not use that Personal Information to inform any decision about you or in a
manner that affects you in any way, or give any other organisation access to that Personal Information. It
also means that, when you exercise any of your rights in relation to your Personal Information, any
Personal Information which is stored on our backup systems will not necessarily be within scope of those
rights (i.e. we will not usually disclose it in response to a request for access to Personal Information, nor will
we usually need to erase it should you ask us to). Should you exercise any of your rights in relation to your
Personal Information, we will explain – in our response – how those rights apply in relation to Personal
Information which is stored in our backup systems.

---
The length of time we retain Personal Information for depends on the purposes for which we collect and
use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise of defend our legal
rights.

---
11. What about the privacy of children?
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under the age of 16, and
no part of the Cookpad Service is directed to children under the age of 16. If you learn that your child has
provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us. If we learn that we have
collected any Personal Information from children under 16, we will promptly take steps to delete such
information and terminate the child's account.

---
14. Contacting us, further questions and how to make a complaint
If you have any queries about our collection, use or storage of your Personal Information, please contact
Cookpad's Data Protection Officer: