We use technologies, such as cookies, to analyze your use (i.e., pages visited), to customize content, for our internal analytics purposes
and for security and other purposes. By continuing to use this website, you agree to this usage. Please review our privacy_policy for more
details as well as for information on how to contact us to object to these activities. Ad Choices

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
This privacy policy
describes how WeatherBug collects, uses, shares, and secures the personal information you
provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use, access and correction
of your personal information. WeatherBug is a division of xAd, Inc. dba Ground Truth
("Ground Truth"). To learn more about GroundTruth and its privacy practices, please
visit https://www.groundtruth.com/privacy-policy.

---
WeatherBug's Privacy Policy, below, describes the types of personal data WeatherBug collects,
the types of third parties to which it discloses personal data, and the purposes for which it does
so. For information on opting out of interest-based advertising delivered on WeatherBug
Services, please see the Digital Advertising & Your Choices section of this Policy below.

---
[SECTION: Information Collection]
Information Collection
We collect the following types of information:

---
Personal information refers to information that identifies specifically who you are, such as your
name, e-mail address, or mailing address. We may also ask you for demographic information or
other information such as ZIP Code, gender, date of birth and your interests. In many cases we
need this information to provide the personalized or enhanced service that you have requested.
You may provide us with this personal information if you register with WeatherBug, for a
personalized service, submit pictures, video or other user generated content, or participate in a
promotion or sweepstakes. We or our affiliates may also derive physical address information
and infer other general or precise location-related information from the information collected
from mobile devices, such as the stores and other places the device frequents, or usage
information for differentiating and/or associating multiple device users as well as associating
devices or users with locations such as a household or workplace.

---
Usage information refers to information that we collect about browsers, wireless networks and
devices that access our Services. For instance, we may collect information about how many
users come to our Services, what types of browsers and devices accessed the Services, IP
address, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on
our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data
to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site, device platform ad ID, date and time
of visit, web viewing and app use data, wireless network performance, usage and identifiers,
and precise location data. We may use cookies, web beacons, a device identifier, and other
similar technology to collect this type of usage data. For more information, please see the
"Tracking Technologies" section below. This data may be collected from our desktop properties
or mobile apps even when you are not actively using the app.

---
We may also collect data from certain third parties and combine that data with information we
collect as described above or derive through analytical techniques, including combining
personal and usage information together.

---
[SECTION: Location Information]
Location Information
When you have installed or use a WeatherBug service, such as one of our mobile applications,
we may collect information about your device's precise location, including your location relative
to and within third party merchant locations (in-store beacons) We may also collect data from
cellular towers or WiFi networks near a device to infer the location of a device. Our affiliates
including GroundTruth may also share location related-information with us. We may collect or
receive location-related information even if you are not logged into or using the application.

---
We use location information to operate and enhance our service as well as customize the
content, weather alerts, and advertising we provide to you. We may also share location
information with our affiliates including GroundTruth to enable product features and for
advertising and reporting purposes. Visit the Digital Advertising & Your Choices section to learn
how to control the collection and use of location information.

---
[SECTION: Tracking Technologies]
Tracking Technologies
WeatherBug and our partners, affiliates, analytics, or service providers use cookies, beacons,
tags, scripts, device identifiers, or similar technologies to analyze trends and use of our
Services, administer the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on a user-
level and aggregated basis. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level,
but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on
our Website or service. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. To learn more about the
use of such data collected through these technologies, visit the Digital Advertising & Your
Choices section.

---
[SECTION: Use of Information]
Use of Information
We may use the information we collect or derive through analytical techniques for a variety of
purposes, including:
• Operating, maintaining, customizing, and improving our Services;
• Responding to your requests and questions;
• Providing personalized weather information;
• Delivering advertising we believe to be relevant to your interests, both about our products
and the products of other third parties - for instance, we may use the location related data
to present ads from a local business or use that and other data we collect to deliver ads
that you may find more relevant;
• Performing analytics, research, and attribution, including predicting possible relationships
among different browsers and devices;
• Monitoring the Services for compliance with the law and our terms of service;
• For product development; and
• Any other purpose disclosed at the time of collection.

---
[SECTION: Information Sharing]
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive through analytical techniques with third parties
for a variety of purposes, including:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: Digital Advertising & Your Choices]
Digital Advertising & Your Choices
We may partner with GroundTruth and with various third parties that engage in interest-based
advertising ("IBA"). This type of advertising involves the collection of web viewing, location-
related information and mobile application use data from our Services and other non-affiliated
websites and mobile applications over time and across associated devices. This data is used to
infer interests and deliver relevant advertising back to a browser or device, and to browsers and
devices that are associated with each other. WeatherBug adheres to the Digital Advertising
Alliance's ("DAA”) self-regulatory principles. Browser Choice: For more information about IBA,
and to learn how you can exercise choice regarding the practice on your browser for companies
that participate in the DAA WebChoices tool, you can
visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or TrustArc (click here).

---
App Choice: You may also download an application on your iOS or Android device in order to
exercise choice regarding the collection of mobile application use activity for IBA on this device
by companies that participate in those choice tools. Links to those applications are below:
DAA AppChoices iOS
DAA AppChoices Android

---
Location Data Choice: The DAA's AppChoices tool can also be used to exercise choice
regarding the collection and use of precise location data by GroundTruth for IBA purposes. To
limit the collection of precise location data by other parties through our application for a
particular device, you can turn location services off through your device's settings.

---
Note that electing to opt out from IBA will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or
applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. In addition, note that if
you use a different browser or device, erase cookies from your browser, or reset your
platform ad identifier, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. In addition, companies may
still collect data in browsers or apps for non-IBA purposes such as for analytics and reporting
purposes, operations, improving our or their Services, and frequency capping.

---
[SECTION: WeatherBug Mobile Application]
WeatherBug Mobile Application
When you download and use our services, wes sautoinatically collect inforniatich of the type of
device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
We may send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events
or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of
communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper
notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device for example the
operating system type or user identification information.

---
We use mobile analytics to allow us to better understand the functionality of our application on
your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application,
the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where
the application was downloaded from.

---
We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our Websites. This
service provides usage information including but not limited to data on where visitors came
from, what actions they took on our Sites, and where visitors went when they left our Sites. We
use this information to improve your experience when visiting our Website. Please click here to
learn more about this service and how to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics.

---
[SECTION: Access to Personal Information]
Access to Personal Information
Upon request, WeatherBug will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your
personal information. You can correct factual errors in your personal information by sending us
a request that explains the error. If you wish to access, update, or correct your personal
information that we collect online, please contact us by mail at the address shown in the
Contact Us section below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.

---
[SECTION: U.S. State Privacy Rights]
U.S. State Privacy Rights Specific U.S. states grant individuals rights under state privacy laws
with respect to personal information we collect. If you are subject to the privacy laws of such
states, this section of the Privacy Policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights
that may be available to you. Our use of the terms "sell" and "share" below generally refers to
these California definitions. Consumers with disabilities may access this notice by utilizing
standard screen readers.

---
[SECTION: Personal Information We Collect, Process, Disclose, and Sell/Share]
Personal Information We Collect, Process, Disclose, and Sell/Share
We collect the personal information identified in the chart below. As further set
forth in the chart below, we have disclosed and sold or shared personal information about
certain states residents to third parties for business or commercial purposes.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
| Categories of Personal Information | Categories of sources from which information is collected: | Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: | Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: | Sold to or shared with the following categories of third parties: |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Personal identifiers (such as first and last name, email address) | Consumers | Marketing; Auditing; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; and Other one-time uses. | This information is not disclosed to third parties in the past 12 months. | This information was not sold in the past 12 months to third parties |
| Online identifiers (such as unique online identifiers) | Consumers and Other third party partners | Advertising; Targeted advertising; Marketing; Data analytics and insights; Reporting and fraud prevention; Auditing; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | Other third party partners |
| Demographic information (such as gender) | Consumers | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | This information was not sold in the past 12 months to third parties. |
| Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement) | Consumers and Service providers; | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | Companies for which we provide advertising services. |
| Geolocation information | Consumers. | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; | Service Providers | Other third party partners |
| Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences | Other third party partners | improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | This information is not disclosed to third parties in the past 12 months. | This information was not disclosed to third parties in the past 12 months. |
| Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above | Consumers; | Advertising services and advertising products; Targeted advertising; Data analytics and insights; Measurement; Attribution; Reporting and fraud prevention; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to develop, maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. | Service Providers | Other third party partners |
| Employee and job applicant data, which may include the categories of personal information listed above that are collected during the job application process and while individuals are WeatherBug employees | Consumers; service providers; and other third party partners | Processing your application. Using your information in connection with your employment roles and responsibilities. This includes, for example: Providing you with services and tools to use in connection with your employment, such as email service and information technologies; Responding to your requests; Maintaining compliance with our policies and procedures; Paying you and administering your employment benefits, including those provided to other individuals like family members; and Responding to emergencies or safety concerns, such as by maintaining and using your emergency contact information. Other business purposes as identified in the CCPA, which include: Auditing related to our interactions with you; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our business; and Other one-time uses. | Service providers | This information was not sold in the past 12 months to third parties |

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: Information Retention.]
Information Retention. We will retain each category of personal information we collect in
accordance with applicable laws and as reasonably necessary for our processing purposes set
out under this Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: Rights Regarding Personal Information.]
Rights Regarding Personal Information. Residents of certain states have certain rights with
respect to the personal information collected by us. If you are a resident or certain states, you
may be able to exercise the following rights where applicable regarding personal
information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations contained in the relevant state law:

---
• The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect,
use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected
personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the
categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business
purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared
personal information;

---
• The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or
maintain about you.

---
• Depending on your state, the right to receive a portable and readily usable copy of the
personal information we have collected about you, to the extent feasible.

---
• Choice Regarding Sensitive Information. We may use or disclose the sensitive
information that we collect from you for purposes that require an opt-out opportunity under
the law. Depending on your state, you may have the right to:
• Limit our use or disclosure of certain “sensitive” personal information about you;
• Opt out of our processing of certain “sensitive” personal information; or
• Withdraw consent for such processing if you previously gave it.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
In the event you are a user of the WeatherBug application, in order to exercise any of the above
rights, you will need to provide your AppInstance identifier. To access your AppInstance
identifier, open the WeatherBug application on your device, click the menu icon in top left corner
and select "Send Feedback” from the menu. The AppInstance identifier is included with the list
of information provided here.

---
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, and either you or the
agent must provide this permission to WeatherBug. To do so you will need to provide the agent
with signed written permission to act on your behalf.