General
Candela Labs Pvt. Ltd. (“DevBytes”, “We”, “Our”, “Us”) is committed
to the protection of user (“You”,“Your”,“User”) provided information
which personally identifies You (“Personal Information”) to
DevBytes. You agree that Your use of DevBytes' mobile application
(“App”) implies Your consent to collecting, receiving, possessing,
storing, dealing or handling of Your Personal Information in
accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”).

---

This Privacy Policy applies to all Users who access the App and are
therefore required to read and understand the Privacy Policy before
submitting any Personal Information.

---

Information collected

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Traffic Data Collected
In order to provide the App, We automatically track and collect the
following categories of information when You use the App:
(i) IP addresses
(ii) Domain servers; and
(iii) Other information with respect to Your device, interaction of Your
device with the App and applications (collectively “Traffic Data")

---

Personal Information Collected
In order to provide the App, We may require You to provide Us with
Personal Information. Personal Information includes the following
categories of information:
(i) Contact data (such as Your email address, phone number and any
details of Your contacts)
(ii) Device data; and
(iii) Demographic data (such as Your time zone, Your postal address
and location details).

---

If You communicate with Us, by, for example, email or letter, any
information provided in such communication may be collected and
stored by DevBytes.

---

Our App may transmit your Personal Information to our internal
servers which may be situated outside India. This Personal
Information is deleted from our servers 180 days after You delete the
App or cancel/terminate your user account on the App, except to the
extent storage of such data, including Your Personal Information, is
necessary for Our purposes and/or required under applicable laws.

---

At DevBytes: Tech and Al News, Code Bot, and TL;DR, we prioritize
user privacy and ensure we gather only the bare minimum data
necessary for the seamless operation of our services. Importantly,
our TL;DR functionality doesn't involve collection of any personal
data.

---

Here's an outline of how we use data:
(i) Limited Data Accumulation: To ensure the smooth functioning of
the TL;DR feature, it's necessary to relay some details to our servers.
(ii) URL Request Submission: Whenever you access a page, we
submit a request which includes the URL of the page you're on. This
is purely to determine if the URL is pertinent (i.e., relating to tech or
dev articles).
(iii) URL Verification: If the URL is deemed irrelevant, no further steps
are taken. The process ends right here.
(iv) TL;DR Activation: If the URL is found to be relevant, the TL;DR
feature is triggered.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

At DevBytes: Tech and Al News, Code Bot, and TL;DR, we are
dedicated to being transparent and ensuring your privacy.
Recognizing that trust from users is paramount, we strictly follow
privacy practices that involve gathering only essential data. This
approach lets us enrich your coding experience while simultaneously
respecting your privacy. If you have any queries or worries about
how we use data or about privacy matters, please don't hesitate to
get in touch with us.

---

Usage of personal information
The information collected from You is used to ensure services with
respect to the App are presented to You in the most effective
manner, to carry out Our obligations to You, and to communicate
with You. The said communication can either be by calls, text or
emails and for purposes which include transactional, service, or
promotional calls or messages.

---

In general, We use Our best efforts to use information in aggregate
form (so that no individual user is identified). However, We may use
Your Personal Information for the following purposes:
(i) To build up marketing profiles;

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

(ii) To aid strategic development, data collection and business
analytics;
(iii) To manage our relationship with advertisers and partners;
(iv) To enable us to provide the App through the use of appropriate
technological services;
(v) To audit usage of the App; and
(vi) To enhance user experience in relation to the App (collectively,
“Permitted Use”).

---

Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, We will keep
Your Personal Information private and will not share it with third
parties, unless We believe in good faith that disclosure of Your
Personal Information or any other information We collect about You
is necessary for Permitted Use or to:
(i) Comply with a court order or other legal process;
(ii) Protect the rights, property or safety of DevBytes or another
party;
(iii) Enforce the Privacy Policy, including Terms; or
(iv) Respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the
rights of third parties.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Security
The security of Your Personal Information is important to Us. We
take appropriate security measures as required under applicable
laws and which is commercially reasonable which includes all
physical, managerial, operational and technical security measures to
protect the Personal Information against unauthorized access,
alteration, disclosure, loss, misuse, or destruction of Your personal
data that We collect and store. These measures vary based on the
type and sensitivity of the data.

---

Although We make best possible efforts to store Personal
Information in a secure operating environment that is not open to the
public, You should understand that there is no such thing as
complete security, and We do not guarantee that there will be no
unintended disclosures of Your Personal Information. If We become
aware that Your Personal Information has been disclosed in a
manner not in accordance with this Privacy Policy, We will use
reasonable efforts to notify You of the nature and extent of such
disclosure (to the extent We know that information) as soon as
reasonably possible and as permitted by law. You should not share
Your password with any third party, and if You believe Your
password or account has been compromised, You should change it
immediately and contact Us at legal@devbytes.co.in.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or
modify this Privacy Policy. If We do, then We will post these changes
on this page and will inform you of such changes. Your continued use
of the services following the posting of changes to this Privacy
Policy will constitute Your consent and acceptance of Our changes.
In all cases, use of information We collect is subject to the Privacy
Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.

---

Your rights
You may request Us in writing that We cease to use Your Personal
Information and/or delete your existing Personal Information by
writing to Us at legal@devbytes.co.in. In the event that you refuse to
share any information, or withdraw consent to process information
that you have previously given to us, we reserve the right to restrict
or deny the provision of our services for which we consider such
information to be necessary.