By sharing email address with us, you agree to receive personalized offers,
inspiring content, device tips, and information about our latest innovations.
Read more.

---

The HomeID app ("App") uses personal data collected or processed through the App, including
personal data processed by any Philips kitchen appliance that you decide to pair with the App
("Device").

---

The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to help you understand our privacy practices when you use
our Services, including what information and personal data we collect, why we collect it, and
what we do with it, as well as your individual rights. This App is under control of Versuni
Netherlands B.V. or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries ("Versuni”, “our”, “we” or “us”).

---

What Personal Data are collected and for which Purposes
We receive or collect personal data, as described in detail below, when we provide our Services,
including when you access, download and install the App. We associate your personal data with
unique identifiers.

---

Sensitive Personal Data
Before collecting any sensitive data, we will inform you and ask your explicit consent. Other
than that, we ask you not to send or disclose any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security
numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious,
philosophical or other beliefs, health, sex life or sexual orientation, biometrics or genetic

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) to us, in or through the App,
or by any other means.

---

Account Data
We collect your personal data when you create an account.
The personal data we collect may include your name, email address, shipping address,
country, language. We also process information on your App usage, including your session,
login and authentication information, which we use to manage your account.
If you log in via social media, the personal data we collect may include your basic public
profile (e.g., full/short name, profile photo, identifier, gender, profile URL, birthday,
homepage, and location) and your email address, which we use for authentication
purposes. In this case, your social media provider may collect information on the fact that
you are using the App and logging in using your social media account. Please read your
social media provider's Privacy Notice (e.g., Facebook, Google, Apple) to learn about their
privacy practices, including, what type of personal data they collect, and how they use,
process and protect them.

---

Other Provided Data
When using the App, you can create a profile consisting of your name/nickname, a short
description of yourself, your home country, your generated and favorited content and profiles
you follow. We process these details together with your private settings including your
preferred cuisines, unit system, Devices and Accessories you own and information we observe
when you use our Services.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

with your activity in the social community to provide you with a personalized experience of
the App by presenting content that is most relevant for you, as well as sending you push
notifications and/or In-App messages. These notifications or messages could contain
content of third-parties that we have decided to partner with in the context of the App. We
do this by analyzing the data collected and using specific recommendation and filtering
algorithms.

---

Device Data
When you decide to pair a Device, we will process its MAC-address. The MAC-address is required
to support remote control and connectivity, and we may use it for troubleshooting and device
analytics.
When you choose to pair the App with your Device, we collect device-specific information
whenever you access or use the Device, including the unique user device number, country of
your selection, time zone and session and usage data. For example, this may be:
Kitchen Devices:
Depending on the Device model you use, the Device may record recipes and ingredients
and send them to the App. We may use this Device data to allow you to control your
Device and provide you with personalized nutrition services, including advice and tips
via In-App messages and/or push notifications. We may also use this Device data to

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

perform analytics (e.g. to learn about the use of our Devices during which times of the
day) and to present you matching accessories and content.
Coffee machines:
Cycle information,
Water Levels and Usage information,
Coffee beans and brewing information, Aquaclean filter usage information.

---

We use your Device Data to provide you with personalized services for all coffee related
consumables, including recording your Device Data for purposes of Amazon Replenishment
Services, as detailed further below.

---

Air Purifier Devices:
Device Data, including Device ID, running mode, power on/off, fan speed, scheduler,
and control commands.
General Air Quality Data, including Indoor Allergen Index, PM2.5, temperature, gas and
humidity level.

---

Marketing & Analytics
When you sign up to receive our marketing, we will send you our marketing communications,
such as newsletters, offers, promotions, invitations etc. Consumers who have opted in, may
receive special benefits from us from time to time (incentives, discounts, cashback offer, etc.).
You can opt out from our marketing (unsubscribe) at any time.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

When you have opted in, we may use your data for marketing purposes, including retargeting
and displaying personalised advertising across various media platforms based on your
interactions with our websites and our mobile apps. For example, we may serve a promotion for
an accessory to you, which is connected to a Philips device you already own.

---

We may also use your hashed and encrypted email address to identify and reach potential new
customers who may share interests and/or behaviour similar to yours. We do so, for example, by
creating segments and audiences and sharing this with platforms like Google, Meta or Amazon,
where they can identify so-called lookalikes. With the support of Google, Meta or Amazon
functionality, our ads are displayed to users in these audiences. It is a way to increase the
efficiency of our marketing effort.

---

We aim to analyze the data of our consumers with the overall goal of enhancing our products
and services, optimizing the user experience, and refining our marketing strategies.

---

Cookies
Find the Versuni Cookie Notice here

---

Ratings and Review Data
If you write a review or rate the App on the app stores, we may process such information to
respond to your comments and questions, understand how you feel when using the App, get
familiar with your general perception of the App and our brand, and use these insights to
improve the App and/or our products and services. We can only see your app store username,
ratings, comments and any other detail you decide to share with us or make publicly available.
Unless you require us to do so, we do not link this information to your account credentials or
any other information we hold from you. Where you require customer support, we may use
your data to follow-up on your case and guide you through our customer support process in
accordance with section ‘Customer support' further below. We consider the processing of your
ratings and review data to be based on a legitimate interest of Versuni.

---

Customer support
When you require customer support, you may provide us with information related to your use
of our Services or Philips appliances, including your interaction with Versuni, and how to contact
you so we can provide the required support. We operate and provide our Services, including

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

providing customer support, and improving, fixing, and customizing our Services. We also use
your information to respond to you when you contact us.

---

Combined Data
We may combine your personal data, including Account Data, Other Provided Data, Device
Data, Cookie and Analytics Data, with data collected during your interactions and usage of the
Versuni digital channels such as social media, websites and webstores, emails, mobile apps and
connected products.

---

Permissions
The App may request your permission to access your mobile device's storage capabilities, sensors
or other features (e.g. photos, agenda, contacts, camera, Wi-Fi, geo-location, or Bluetooth). We
require access when strictly necessary to provide the Services as detailed below.
Bluetooth and WIFI. The App requires WIFI connection to connect to the internet. The App
also needs Bluetooth/WIFI to connect your Device(s) to the App. You can at any time block
Bluetooth/WIFI connection through the settings of the mobile device.
Location. For some Device models, Android operating systems require coarse geo-graphic
location to connect to the Device. iOS operating systems also require geo-location to
recognize when the App and the Device are nearby. However, Versuni will not process such
data in any manner. The data will remain in your mobile device where Versuni will not have
access to it. You can at any time block geo-location collection through the settings of the
mobile device.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Files. The App requires access to the mobile device's files to store the language
configurations and other files that the App uses to operate (e.g., manuals, recipes, graphics,
media files, or other large program assets). If you delete the App, the Files will be deleted
from your mobile device.
Photos and Media. If you add a profile picture to your profile, the App requires permission
to access your mobile device's camera or photo gallery. Android operating systems may
request permission for Videos, however, the App will only use the permission to allow you
to upload your picture. If your device supports the food recognition service, the App also
requires permission to access your mobile device's camera to scan special food types. Only a
limited number of food types will be recognized. Filming anything else will result in an error
message. For this service no data will be collected or saved.
Sometimes a permission is a technical precondition of the operating system of your mobile
device. In such case, the App may ask your permission to access a certain sensor or data,
however we will not collect such data, unless required to provide the Services.

---

Air Purifier Permissions:
Weather and Air Quality information. When enabling this permission, the App shares your
geo-location data (based on GPS, latitude and longitude) with a third party to provide you
with a location map with air quality information in the Homepage of the App. This third
party is AirMatters.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Versuni may also work with third-parties who process your personal data for their own
purposes. If Versuni shares personal data with third-parties that use your personal data for their
own purposes, Versuni will ensure to inform you and/or obtain your consent in accordance with
applicable laws before sharing your personal data. In this case, please read their privacy notices
carefully as they inform about their privacy practices, including, what type of personal data they
collect, how they use, process and protect them.

---

Please note, concerning possible third-party advertising in the App we do not share your
personal data with these partners. Even if you opt in to receive marketing and if you allow all
Cookies, we do not share your personal data with the advertising third-party. What we do is
analyze the effectiveness of such partnership campaigns and inform our partners on the
effectiveness (e.g. how many App users have clicked on the ad, how many App users have
invoked the offer). We are able to analyze this from reviewing the App usage and when you
accept the Branch Metrics Cookie mentioned before. The external reporting of this effectiveness
study is happening on an aggregated basis only, which means that our partner – the third-party
– will not be able to redirect this information to any individual App user.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

Amazon
Alexa
Depending on the Device model you use, the Kitchen Plus Skill/Coffee Plus Skill (“Skill”) allows
you to control your Device and obtain information via Amazon Alexa.

---

When you speak to Alexa, Amazon sends a written version of your voice commands to Versuni
together with a unique identifier. We process this information to execute your commands and
issue a response in accordance with our Privacy Notice. We share our written response with
Amazon so that Amazon can inform you about the outcome of your command in accordance
with Amazon's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use. Versuni and Alexa may also exchange
information on the Device you decide to control through the Skill, including when you update,
change or remove a Device.

---

When you set-up your DRS subscription, we share the following data with Amazon: the serial
number and model (hx number) of your Device, and your daily aggregated Beans or Aquaclean
filters inventory. To keep track of your subscription, we store your Amazon Customer ID. If you
unsubscribe to DRS, we will delete such Customer ID.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

How long do we keep your data?
We will retain your personal data for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s)
for which the data is collected. The criteria we use to determine our retention periods include:
(i) the length of time you use the App and Services; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to
which we are subject; or (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as
in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).

---

Where we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal data, you may withdraw your
consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

your withdrawal.

---

Where we rely on performance of a contract to process your personal data for purposes of the
Services, we may not be able to provide the Services if we do not receive your information.

---

Special information for parents
While the Services are not directed to children, as defined under applicable law, it is Versuni
policy to comply with the law when it requires parent or guardian permission before collecting,
using or disclosing personal data of children. We are committed to protecting the privacy needs
of children and we strongly encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their
children's online activities and interests.