1. Important Information and Who We Are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Almedia collects and processes
your personal data through your use of this Website, including any data you may provide
to us through this Website when you create an account, signup for our newsletter, use our
content, use our services and support services, and receive marketing information.
We do not direct our Website to minors and we do not knowingly collect personal data

---
appropriate consent, we will delete it. If you believe we mistakenly or unintentionally
collected any information from or about a child, please contact us at
privacy@almedia.co.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or
fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or
processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are
using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is
not intended to override them.

---
Third-party links
This Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking
on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share
data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for
their privacy policies. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy
policy of every website you visit.

---
2. The Data We Collect About You

---
We may collect, use, store and transfer various kinds of personal data about you which we
have categorized as follows:
•
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username, telephone numbers, country
of residence, gender, driver's license, state ID, passport, passport card, permanent
resident card, non-citizen travel document, visa, or similar identifier.
•
KYC / Identity verification data: selfie, government ID images and extracted fields
(name, date of birth, document number, issuing country, validity), device/technical
metadata (e.g. IP, device identifiers), and verification outcomes (pass/fail, risk signals,
provider references).
•
•
Contact Data includes address, email address and telephone numbers.
Special Categories Data includes race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs,
sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, health information and biometric data.
•
Transaction Data includes details about the method of payment such as the pay-
out, cash-out, redemption method, or gift cards paid to you for participating as a user
on our Website.
•
Payment information includes bank account details (e.g. IBAN, PayPal email
address, digital-wallet identifiers and other payment-instrument details.
•
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type
and version, device ID, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and
versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use
to access this Website.
•
Profile Data includes your username and password, selfie picture, your interests,
preferences, feedback, and Research and Survey Responses Data.
•
Research and Survey Responses Data includes information to better understand
your experience and improve our Website. Such information is pseudonymous.
•
Usage Data includes information about how you use our Website, products, and
services. For example, this may include information that you view or click while visiting
or using our Website or diagnostic and troubleshooting information.
•
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving
marketing from us and our third parties (such as Facebook, Google Analytics, and
Microsoft Clarity), and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share "Aggregated Data" such as statistical or demographic data
for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not
considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your
identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of
users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect
Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you,
we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this

---
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have
with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform
the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with
services).

---
3. How Is Your Personal Data Collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us Identity Data and Contact Data by filling in forms or
by corresponding with us by post, email, or otherwise. This includes personal data you
provide when you:
•
apply to receive, participate, and interact with our products or services on the
Website;
•
•
•
create an account on our Website;
use our products and services,
subscribe to our newsletters and publications;
•
request marketing to be sent to you;
•
request support services;
•
complete a survey;
•
complete an offer; or
•
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our Website, we will
automatically collect Technical Data about your devices, computer, equipment, browsing
actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and
other similar technologies. Our Cookie Policy describes your options for controlling how we
and our partners use cookies and similar technologies for advertising. Please note that
you can always delete your account at any time. Please see our cookie policy for further
details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you
from various third parties (i.e., Google Analytics and Facebook).

---
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your
personal data, and the Lawful Basis for processing your data. We have also identified what
our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending
on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need
details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data
where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
To register you as a new
customer or user
To enable you to use our
Website so you can
participate in our rewards
program.
Type of Personal Data
Identity Data, Contact Data
Identity Data, Contact
Data, Profile Data, Technical
Data, Special Categories
Data
To manage our relationship
with you which will include:
Identity Data, Contact
Notifying you about changes Data, Profile Data, Marketing
to our terms or privacy policy, and Communications Data,
Asking you to leave a review Special Categories Data
or take a survey
To improve and enhance
our Website and services.
To administer and protect
our business and this
Website (including
troubleshooting, data
analysis, testing, system
maintenance, support,
reporting and hosting of
data)
To deliver relevant Website
content and
advertisements to you
and measure or
understand the
effectiveness of the
Identity Data, Contact
Data, Profile Data, Usage
Data, Marketing and
Communications
Data, Technical Data
Lawful Basis for Processing
Including Basis of Legitimate
Interest
Performance of a contract with
you
Performance of a contract with
you, Necessary for our legitimate
interests, Comply with a legal
obligation
Performance of a contract with
you, Necessary to comply with a
legal obligation, Necessary for
our legitimate interests
Performance of a contract with
you, Necessary for our
legitimate interests (to study
how you use our Website,
products/services.)
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (for running our
business, provision of
administration and IT services,
Identity Data, Contact Data, network security, to prevent
Technical Data
fraud and in the context of a
business reorganisation or
group restructuring exercise),
Necessary to comply with a
legal obligation
Identity Data, Contact Data,
Profile Data, Usage Data,
Marketing and
Communications Data,
Technical Data, Special
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (to study how
customers use our
products/services, to develop
and improve such services, to
grow our business and to inform

---
Purpose/Activity
To use data analytics to
improve our Website,
products/services,
marketing, customer
relationships and
experiences
To make suggestions and
recommendations to you
about goods or services
that may be of interest to
you
Paying you securely and
preventing abuse
Legal/partner
requirements
Type of Personal Data
Technical Data, Usage Data,
Special Categories Data
Identity Data, Contact Data,
Technical Data, Usage Data,
Profile Data, Marketing and
Communications Data,
Special Categories Data
selfie, government ID images
and extracted fields (name,
date of birth, document
number, issuing country,
validity), device/technical
metadata (e.g. IP, device
identifiers), and verification
outcomes (pass/fail, risk
signals, provider references)
selfie, government ID images
and extracted fields (name,
date of birth, document
number, issuing country,
validity), device/technical
metadata (e.g. IP, device
identifiers), and verification
outcomes (pass/fail, risk
signals, provider references)
Lawful Basis for Processing
Including Basis of Legitimate
Interest
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (to define types of
customers for our products and
services, to keep our Website
updated and relevant, to
develop our business and to
inform our marketing strategy)
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (to develop our
products/services and grow our
business)
We verify that each payout is
made to a real, unique person
and that the account is not
being misused (contract
necessity and legitimate
interests)
Where applicable, we conduct
identity checks to comply with
financial-crime and tax
obligations or partner/vendor
rules (legal obligation)

---
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on
what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we
decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this
marketing).

---
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time via
your account on the Website or via the opt-out function of Microsoft, Facebook, or Google.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal
data provided to us as a result of your selection of a digital asset, your experience or other
transactions on the Website.

---
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when
websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some
parts of this Website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more
information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.

---
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we
reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is
compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the
processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we
will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent,
in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.

---
Linked Third Party Websites When you use third-party services or websites that are linked
through our services, the providers of those services or products may receive information
about you that we, you, or others share with them.

---
Where identity-verification data is accessed from or transferred to countries outside the
EEA/UK, we rely on appropriate safeguards (e.g. EU SCCs), and apply technical and
organizational measures (encryption in transit, access controls, audit).

---
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the
purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory,
tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer
period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of
litigation in respect to our relationship with you.

---
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity
and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other
rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any
person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further
information in relation to your request to speed up our response.