1. What information do Kidslox apps collect and how is it used?
1.1. We collect and store the information that you provide to us when you
first become a Kidslox app user – that is, your name and your email address.
The main reason to collect your email address is to make it easy for you to
use Kidslox apps. We also use this information to keep in contact with you,
to provide information about Kidslox apps (including our products and offers
that we make available from time to time) and seek your feedback. We may
in the future use it to provide you with information about any future partners
and the various services they may offer, or create anonymous and/or de-
identified data records from your personal information by excluding
information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to
you.
---
Additionally, if you have granted Kidslox apps access to any data connected
to your Google account, you can revoke this access via the Google security
settings page at https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
---
1.2. We also collect, automatically, information about how you have used
Kidslox apps: about your schedules, your devices' operating systems, IP
address, etc.
We analyse this information to troubleshoot any issues users encountered, to
work out how our products are being used and how to improve them.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
1.3. If you turn on the location tracking feature on a device, we also collect
that device's location data, as well as any geo-fence zones you set up.
Location data is used solely for the delivery of the location tracking feature
and is deleted from our systems 7 days after it is collected.
---
1.4. Some Kidslox app features use YouTube API services to help you
understand what videos are being viewed on devices you are supervising. By
using these features, you also agree to be bound by the Google Privacy
Policy (which you can find in full here
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). Specifically, Kidslox apps collect
and store video viewing history, for the sole purpose of presenting this
information to the user. This data is deleted from our systems 7 days after it
is collected.
---
1.5. Kidslox “Telescope” feature takes screenshots of any Android device
(Android 11+) being monitored by your account, the screenshots (and any
data which happens to be held therein) are collected for the sole purpose of
presenting this information to the user. These screenshots are encrypted,
accessible only by the account owner, and are stored on Kidslox server for
14 days, after which they are deleted.
---
1.6. Kidslox “Nudity scanner” feature detects nudity in photos in the device
gallery or taken by Kidslox “Telescope” feature. It does this directly on the
controlled device, without sending the data anywhere off-device. If it detects
something suspicious in an image, that image is not sent off the device for
any reason, even to the parent. Instead the parent will recieve a notification
about it.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
3. What about children's data?
Depending on how you use the services of Kidslox apps, you might provide
us with data from which it would in theory be possible to identify your
children. This would occur if you (i) use an email address from which it is
possible to identify you; (ii) use your children's names to identify the
children's devices that are controlled by Kidslox apps; and (iii) the
combination of your name and your children's names is sufficient to identify
the children. We do not use this data and the only purposes for which any
person has access to it are those which are a necessary part of maintaining
and developing Kidslox Inc's products.
---
4. What do you do in relation to payment data?
If you make any direct purchases from us (that is, purchases not made
through an app store), your credit card or debit card information (such as card
type and expiration date) and other financial data that we need to process
your payment may be collected and stored by the payment processors with
which we work. In addition, the payment processors generally provide us
with some limited information related to you, such as a unique token that
enables you to make additional purchases using the information they've
stored, including recurring payments if you authorize automatic renewals,
and your card's type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
6. What about GDPR?
We have considered the European Union's General Data Protection
Regulation (or "GDPR”) and are satisfied that we are compliant. To the
extent we use your personal data, we consider that this is reasonably
necessary to protect and promote your and our legitimate interests in the
provision of Kidslox Inc's products and services. In particular, (i) we do not
collect any information other than that which we need to collect in order to
provide products and services; (ii) we use contact details to provide you with
information about our products and services; (iii) we also use contact details
to provide information about offers and additional products and services,
which is in your and our interests; (iv) we take reasonable steps to secure the
data which we collect; and (v) we do not retain data of those who have
ceased to be Kidslox Inc customers.
---
7. How can you contact us if you have any questions?
If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy
or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any
security violations to us, please contact us at the following email address:
support@kidslox.com.
---
8. What if this privacy policy changes?
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any
material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify
you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us
and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website. Please
note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal
information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event
that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any
reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our
dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute
effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes
to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personal information that you
provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish
to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us
prior to the effective date of the changes. Continued use of our services,
following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of
such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of
such changes.