Innovative Dictionary built the Dictionary as an ad-supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Innovative Dictionary at no cost and is intended for
use as is. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone
decided to use our Service. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
Dictionary, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

---
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the
websites that you visit and are stored on yourdevice's internal memory. This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may
use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse
these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
this Service.

---
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a
parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do
necessary actions.

---
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
• To facilitate our Service;
• To provide the Service on our behalf;
• To perform Service-related services; or
• To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

---
Security
We value your trust in accepting permissions like CAMERA, EXTERNAL_STORAGE. We use camera only for OCR service. We don'ttake any image
using Camera. Gallery is used only for selecting picture for app background. We don't save any picture from Gallery.

---
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not
limited to Android Advertising ID. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way. The app does
use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.