A. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE AND WE COLLECT
---
2. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US AND ITS USE AND SHARING
a. We receive and store any information you enter on our Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps or
give us in any other way. In general, you can browse the Website,Mobile site and Mobile Apps
without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about you. Once you give
us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us.
---
b. We collect personally identifiable information (email address, other addresses, name,phone
number, gender, travel preferences, travel plan, accommodation details, hotel
bookings/preferences, telephone (mobile or otherwise) and/or fax numbers.etc.) from you
when you register and create an account with us, and that you provide to us from time to time.
The information may also include information such as your banking details (including
credit/debit card) and any other information relating to your income and/or lifestyle; billing
information, payment history etc. (as shared by you).
---
c. Further, we may collect certain other information, including (without limitation) the following
information, while you (i) use the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps and/or (ii) access any
service made available by AbhiBus through the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps and Other
Interfaces:
i. data either created by you or by a third party and which you wish to store on our servers
such as image files, documents etc.;
ii. transactional history (other than banking details) about your e-commerce activities, buying
behavior on the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps and Other Interfaces;
iii. user names,passwords, email addresses and other security-related information used by you
in relation to the Services;
iv. data available in public domain or received from any third party including social media
networks, including but not limited to personal or non-personal information from your linked
social media networks as a part of your account information and
v. information pertaining to persons(s)/traveler(s) for whom booking are made through the
Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps and Other Interfaces.
---
d. Such information collected by us may include information considered to be ‘sensitive personal
information' of the user under the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and
procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011 ("SPIRules") .Such ‘sensitive
personal information' generally includes user's information relating to password, financial
information such as bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument
details, physical,physiological and mental health condition, sexual orientation, medical records
and history, and biometric information. Further, the SPI Rules require your express consent to
collect, store and use such personally identifiable information collected by us. You hereby
consent to such use, collection,storage and disclosure of ‘sensitive personal information' by us
inaccordance with this Privacy Notice as required under applicable law.
---
e. Where possible, we indicate the fields which are required and the fields which are optional. You
[always] have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service
or feature on the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps. You [always] have the option to
withdraw your consent, upon which we have the option not to provide services for which the
consent was sought.
---
f. In case you are booking bus tickets, hotel rooms or any other service on the Website, Mobile
site and Mobile Apps and/or through Other Interfaces for and/or onbehalf of other persons,
you here by confirm and represent that each of such other person(s)/traveler(s) for whom a
booking has been made, has agreed tohave the information shared by you disclosed to us and
further be shared by us with the concerned service provider(s).
---
g. While making a booking, we may use ‘sensitive personal information' including,payment details
which include card holder name, credit/debit card number (in encrypted form) with an
expiration date, banking details, wallet details etc., as shared and allowed to be stored by you.
We may also use the information of travelers list as available in or linked with your account. This
information is presented to the user at the time of making a booking to enable you to complete
your bookings expeditiously. Further, we may use your 'sensitive personal information' to
provide seamless and convenient services and such uses will include (without limitation) (i)
confirmation of your reservations/bookings withyou and respective service providers, (ii)
informing of the transaction status, (iii) communicating booking confirmations either via
electronic means or other messaging service, (iv) communicating any updates or changes to
your booking(s), (v) enabling customer service team to contact you, if necessary, (vi) customize
the content of the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps and other Interfaces; (vii) request for
reviews of the Services or any other improvements; (viii) sending verification message(s) or
email(s), (ix)validating/authenticating your account and to prevent any misuse or abuse and
(x)contact you to offer offers. Further to the above, your information will be shared with the
end service providers like hotels, bus service providers or anyother suppliers who are
responsible for fulfilling your booking. We may employ other companies and individuals to
perform functions on our behalf (includingbut not limited to payment processing, data hosting,
and data processing platforms). We may also share certain information to our corporate
affiliatesor business partners who may contact the customers to offer certain products or
services, which may include free or paid products/services (like travel insurance, discount
coupons, entertainment services), which will enable the customer to have better travel
experience or to avail certain benefits specially made for AbhiBus customers. We may provide
anonymous statistical information based on this data to suppliers, advertisers, affiliates and
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
other current and potential business partners. You may note that while making abooking with
AbhiBus you authorize us to share your information with the said service providers and
suppliers. AbhiBus does not authorize the end service provider to use your information for any
other purpose(s) except as may be for fulfilling their part of service. Nevertheless, the
information shared with such service providers/suppliers is beyond the purview and control of
AbhiBus, and hence we are not accountable for any unauthorized use of such information by
any service provider/supplier. You are therefore advised to review the privacy policies of the
respective service provider or supplier whose services you choose to avail.
---
i. We use non-identifiable information in aggregate or anonymized form to build higher quality,
more useful online services by performing statistical analysis of the collective characteristics
and behavior of our customers and visitors.
---
j. We receive and store certain types of information when ever you interact with us. We may also
receive/store information about your location and your mobiledevice, including a unique
identifier for your device. We may use this information for internal analysis and provide you with
location-based services,such as search results and other personalized content. We may
automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our
Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps. We use this information to do internal research on our
users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you. This
information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. This information may include
your login, e-mail address, password,computer and connection information such as browser
type and version, operating system and platform, transaction history, which we sometimes
aggregate with similar information from other customers to create customized or additional
features, the full uniform resource locators (URL) click stream to, through and from our
Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps (including date and time), cookie number, travel routes,
service providers, bus partners or hotel bookings you viewed or searched for, and any phone
number used to call our customer service number.
---
k. We may also use browser data such as cookies, flash cookies (also known as 'flash localshared
objects'), or similar data on certain parts of our Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps for fraud
prevention and other purposes. During some visits, we may use software tools such as
JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times,
download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as
scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
---
I. If you choose to post messages on our message boards, chat rooms or other message areas
or leave feedback, we will collect that information you provide to us. Weretain this information
as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as
permitted by law.
---
m. We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account
information. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities, we
may collect such information into a file specific toyou.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
B. PERMISSIONS REQUIRED FOR USING OUR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
ANDROID PERMISSIONS:
a. Device and App History:We need your device permission to get information about your device,
like OS(operating system) name, OS version, mobile network, hardware model, uniquedevice
identifier, preferred language, etc. Basis these inputs, we intend to optimize your travel booking
experience.
---
b. Identity: This permission enablesus to know about details of your account(s) on your mobile
device. We use thisinfo to auto-fill your email ID's and provide a typing free experience. It
alsohelps us map email ID's to a particular user to give you the benefit ofexclusive travel offers,
wallet cashbacks, etc. It also allows facilitating your Facebook and Google+ login.
---
c. Location: This permission enables us to give you the benefit of location-specific deals and
provide you with a personalized experience. When you launch AbhiBus app to make a travel
booking, we auto-detect your location so that your nearest city is auto-filled. We also require this
permission to be able to help you track your bus with respect to your location.
---
d. SMS: If you allow us to access your SMS, we read your SMS to autofill or prepopulate 'OTP' while
making a transaction and to validate your mobile number. This provides you with a seamless
purchase experience while making a booking and you don't need to moveout of the app to read
the SMS and then enter it in the app.
---
e. Phone: The app requires accessto make phone calls so that you can make phone calls to bus
partners, hotels and our customer contact centers directly through the app.
---
f. Contacts: If you allow us to access your contacts, it enables us to provide a lot of social features
to you such as sharing tickets or location with your friends. This permission also allows you to
select numbers from your contacts for mobile recharges done on the app.
---
g. Photo/Media/ Files:The libraries in the app use these permissions to allow users to save and
upload multimedia reviews.
---
h. Wi-Fi connection information:When you allow us permission to detect your Wi-Fi connection,
we optimize your band width usage for multimedia uploads.
---
i. Device ID and Call information:This permission is used to detect your Android ID through which
we can uniquely identify users. It also lets us know your contact details using which we pre-
populate specific fields to ensure a seamless booking experience.
---
j. Device ID and Call information:This permission is used to detect your Android ID through which
we can uniquely identify users. It also lets us know your contact details using which we pre-
populate specific fields to ensure a seamless booking experience.
---
k. Calendar: This permission enablesus to put your travel plans on your calendar.
---
IOS PERMISSIONS:
---
b. Contacts:This permission enables us to know about the details of your account(s) on your mobile
device. We use this info to auto-fill your email ID's and provide a typing free experience. It also
helps us map email ID's to a particular user to give you the benefit of exclusive travel offers, wallet
cashbacks, etc. It also allows facilitating your Facebook and Google+ login.
---
c. Location: This permission enables us to give you the benefit of location-specific deals and
provide you with a personalized experience. When you launch AbhiBus app to make a travel
booking, we auto-detect your location so that your nearest city is auto-filled. We also require this
permission to be able to help you track your bus with respect toyour location.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
d. Photo/Media/ Files:The libraries in the app use these permissions to allow users to save and
upload multimedia reviews.
---
e. Camera: This permission is used to capture pictures of the boarding point or bus before the
journey. This image can then uploaded as part of multimedia reviews.
---
f. Calendar: This permission enables us to put your travel plans on your calendar.
---
C. COOKIES
1. A 'cookie' is a small piece of information stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be
later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember
information specific to a given user. We place both permanent and temporary cookies in your
computer's hard drive.
---
2. We use data collection devices such as 'cookies' on certain pages of the Website, Mobile site and
Mobile Apps to help analyse our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and
promote trust and safety. We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less
frequently during a session. Cookies can also helpus provide information that is targeted to your
interests. Most cookies are "session cookies", meaning that they are automatically deleted from
your hard drive atthe end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser
permits, although in that case, you may not be able to use certain features on the Website, Mobile
site and Mobile Apps and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during
a session.
---
3. Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the
Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use
of cookies by third parties.
---
D. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
---
3. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safe guards in connection with the collection,
storage and dis closure of personal information (including sensitive personal information). Our
security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose
personal information to you.
---
F. MODIFY YOUR PRIVACY PREFERENCES
1. As mentioned above, you can choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed
to make proper use of the Services or to take advantage of some of the features offered through
the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps.
--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2. You can add or update certain information on some of the pages of the Website, Mobile site and
Mobile Apps, such as your profile. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the
previous version for our records.
---
G. NOTICES AND REVISIONS
---
2. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about
you and your account. By using or continuing to use the Website, Mobile site and Mobile Apps you
agree to our use of your information (including sensitive personal information) in accordance with
this Privacy Notice, as may be amended from time to time by AbhiBus at its sole discretion. You
also agree and consent to us collecting, storing,processing, transferring and sharing information
(including sensitive personal information) related to you with third parties or service providers for
the purposes as set out in this Privacy Notice.
---
BY VISITING OUR WEBSITE, MOBILE SITE AND MOBILE APPS AND/OR BY USING THE SERVICES OR BY
OTHER WISE GIVING US YOUR INFORMATION, YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE READ,UNDERSTOOD
AND AGREED TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE AND AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY THE PRIVACY NOTICE. YOU HERE BY CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, USE AND
SHARING, DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE. WE
RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR DELETE PORTIONS OF THE TERMS OF THIS
PRIVACY NOTICE, AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, AT ANY TIME. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY
NOTICE AT ANY TIME, DO NOT USE ANY OFTHE SERVICES OR GIVE US ANY OF YOUR INFORMATION. IF
YOU USE THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF SOME ONE ELSE (SUCH AS YOUR CHILD) OR AN ENTITY