This Policy also describes how we process – on your behalf - the personal data of your contacts and
recipients ("Recipients"), should you choose to upload it to our Services.
Specifically, it describes our practices regarding
• Data Collection
•
Data Uses & Business Purposes
• Data Location
•
Data Retention
•
Data Disclosure
•
•
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Communications
•
Data Security
•
Data Subject Rights
•
Data Controller/Processor & Recipients Data
• Opt-Out of Sale and Sharing/Targeted Advertising
•
Additional Information and Contact Details

---
1. Data Collection

---
When we use the term “personal data” (or “personal information” under certain data protection laws
such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA))
in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable
of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to an individual or
household. It does not include aggregated, de-identified or anonymized information that is maintained
in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual. Specifically,
we collect the following categories of personal data:
•
Data automatically collected or generated: when someone visits, interacts with or
uses our Services, including any e-mail or text messages sent to them by us or via our
Services, we may collect or generate technical data about them. We collect or generate
such data either independently or with the help of third-party services (as detailed in
Sections 5 below). Such data consists of connectivity, technical or aggregated usage
data, such as IP address, device advertiser ID, non-identifying data regarding the device,
operating system, browser version, locale and language settings used, the cookies and
pixels installed on such device, and the activity (clicks and other interactions) of Users
within our Services.
• Data received from you: you may provide us personal data voluntarily, such as your
name and e-mail address when you contact us, your hashed password, your content and
images (including details regarding your events or other announcements, if you choose
to submit them as you use the Services), when you post on our public forums or groups,
when you sign-up to receive e-mail updates, when you place any purchases via our
Services, or when you choose to connect your Facebook, Google, or Apple account to
our Services. You may also provide us with personal data of your Recipients, such as their
names and e-mail addresses, so that you can use our Services to contact and send them
content and invitations you uploaded to and created through the Services; and in such
cases, we may collect additional information concerning such Recipients (including, for
example, analytics data concerning their interactions with the content and invitations
you sent them, their phone number, and their responses to such invitations – all on your
behalf of course, so you can better manage your events).
• Data received from Facebook, Google and other channels: If you choose to connect
your Facebook, Google, or Apple account to our Services, we will receive access to your
full name and user ID on Facebook, Google, or Apple. You may also choose to allow us to
access your images saved on such services, so that you could fetch these images and
use them on our Services. Such access will also allow us to collect the following
parameters (to the extent available there and only if you defined them as "public"): your
profile picture, gender, date of birth, comments on our company page, tags and tagged
pictures, locale and time zone. In addition, we or our advertising partners may receive
from Facebook, Google and our other marketing channels general information
concerning the performance of our advertising campaigns, such as the targeted age
group or interests, and we or our partners may be able to link such general data to any
other data in our possession.
• Transaction Data: Our Services allow you to place purchases. Currently all purchases
must be completed either with a credit card or via PayPal, which will then provide us with
limited data concerning your order. We will not collect or store your financial data, e.a..
your credit card numbers or bank account. However, we may still receive your n
financial personal data related to your order, such as your name, PayPal username,

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
mail, billing and shipping address, the items purchased and paid amount, in order to fulfil
your purchase and for our accounting purposes.
For the purposes of the CCPA, in the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of
Personal Information, as defined in the CCPA: Identifiers; Customer Record Information; Internet or
other electronic network activity information; Commercial Information; Geolocation Data; Inferences;
and Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory information. Greetings Island does not collect sensitive
personal information.

---
Service Providers: we may engage selected business partners, third-party companies and
individuals, affiliates, subcontractor and sub-processors (collectively “Service Provide
services complementary to our own (e.g., hosting services, data analytics services, marketing
agencies and advertising services and tools, generative Al imaging services, data and cybersecurity
services, fraud detection and prevention services, payment processing, IT and system administration
services, user engagement services, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording
services, and our business, legal, financial and compliance advisors, etc.). These Service Providers may
have access to some or all of your personal data processed by us, depending on each of their specific
roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use it for such purposes. >

---
Third-Party Websites and Services: our Services may include links to third-party websites, and
integrations with third-party services, such as the ability to connect your Facebook, Google or Apple
account to the Services, or your PayPal account to make purchases. Such websites and third-party
services, and any information you process, submit, transmit or otherwise use with such websites and
third-party services, are beyond the scope of Greetings Island's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
and will therefore be governed by such third-party's terms and privacy practices and policies, and not
by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the terms and privacy policies of such
websites and third-party services.

---
Legal Compliance: in exceptional circumstances, we may disclose or allow government and law
enforcement officials access to your personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or
court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, with or
without notice to you. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that: (a) we are
legally compelled to do so; (b) disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate,
prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing; or (c)
such disclosure is required to protect our legitimate business interests, including the security or
integrity of our products and Services.

---
6. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Our Sites and Services (including some of our Service Providers) utilize “cookies”, anonymous
identifiers, pixels, container tags and other technologies in order for us to provide and monitor the use
of our Services and Sites, to ensure that they perform properly, to analyze our performance and
marketing activities, and to personalize your experience. Such cookies and similar files or tags may
also be temporarily placed on your device. Certain cookies and other technologies serve to recall
personal data, such as an IP address, as indicated by a User.

---
You may also use the “Your Privacy Choices” feature available in our Services depending on your
location and activity on our Services, as applicable. If you choose to opt-into or out of certain cookies
(depending on your location and activity on our Services), this will typically generate a new cookie
which will preserve your choice, and indicate it to our Services in your next visits so that the cookies
you did not opt in to or opted-out of will not be utilized. You can also manage your cookies preferences,
and accept, remove or entirely block cookies, through your browser settings.

---
Certain web browsers may transmit “Do Not Track” signals to websites with which the browser
communicates. However, due to differences in how web browsers interpret this feature and send
those signals, and lack of standardization, we do not change our practices in response to such “Do Not
Track" signals. However, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to
accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a
cookie, or to block or remove cookies altogether.

---
To learn more about our practices concerning cookies and online tracking, please visit our Cookie
Policy.

---
Individuals have rights concerning their personal data. Please contact us by e-mail at:
privacy@GreetingsIsland.com if you wish to exercise your privacy rights under any applicable law,
including the EU or UK GDPR, the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the
Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (CTDPA). Such rights may include
(to the extent available to you under the laws which apply to you) the right to know/request access to
(specific pieces of personal data collected; categories of personal data collected; categories of
sources from whom the personal data was collected; purpose of collecting personal data; categories
of third parties with whom we have shared personal data), to request correction or erasure of your
personal data held with Greetings Island, or to restrict or object to such personal data's processing
(including the right to direct us not to sell or share your personal data to third parties now or in the
future or the right to opt-out of processing personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, as
explained below) or to obtain a copy or port such personal data, or the right to equal services and
prices (e.g. freedom from discrimination) (each to the extent available to you under the laws which
apply to you). Under some regulatory frameworks, such as the GDPR, you may also have the right to
lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority, as applicable. These rights are also subject
to various exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws. We will not charge a fee to p
respond to your verifiable privacy request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly ㄴ.
we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide

---
Please note that when you or an authorized agent ask us to exercise any of your rights under this policy
or applicable law, we may need to ask you to provide us with certain credentials to make sure that you
are who you claim you are, to avoid disclosure to you of personal data related to others and to ask you
to provide further information to better understand the nature and scope of data regarding which you
request to exercise your rights. Such additional data may be then retained by us for legal, compliance
and auditing purposes (e.g., as proof of the identity of the person submitting the request or proof of
request fulfillment). We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information that
enables us to reasonably verify that you are the individual about whom we collected the personal data

---
Greetings Island is the “data processor” (or “service provider”) of Recipient data. If a User
uploads or submits any Recipient's personal data to our Services (for example, in the process of
creating an online e-card or updating their guests' list), such User is deemed by us as the "data
controller" of their Recipients' data, and we will only process such data on our User's behalf, as their
"data processor" – in accordance with their reasonable instructions and subject to our Terms of
Service. The User will be solely responsible for meeting any legal requirements applicable to data
controllers (such as obtaining all necessary permissions and establishing any required legal bases for
processing their Recipients' data through the Services, and for responding to Data Subject Rights
requests concerning the data they control).

---
Each User is exclusively responsible for the security, integrity and authorized usage of their
Recipients' personal data, and for obtaining consents or establishing other necessary legal bases,
permissions and providing any fair processing notices required for the collection and usage of such
data.