We provide the Services as a professional resource intended to support healthcare professionals in
their efforts to provide high quality medical care to patients. You can choose whether or not you
want to use the Services. If you do choose to use the Services, you must agree to the OpenEvidence
Platform Terms of Use which is a contract between us and users of the Services. By agreeing to the
OpenEvidence Platform Terms of Use, you confirm that you have read and understand this Privacy
Policy which explains how we collect, disclose, transfer, secure and use information about you in
connection with your use of the Services and the rights and choices you have regarding these
activities. If you do not want us to collect and use information about you as described in this Privacy
Policy, then you should not use the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge that we will
store, use and otherwise process your information in the United States and any other country from
where the applicable OpenEvidence Platform property is operated. Please be aware that the privacy
laws and standards in certain countries may differ from those that apply in the country in which you
reside.

---
[SECTION: Information Collected]
Information Collected
Information about your use of the Services is collected as follows:
• Registration. In order to use the Services, you may be required to register an account and
provide certain personal information such as your name, email address, zip/postal code,
profession, occupation, specialty and depending on your country of practice, your medical
license number or equivalent. You may choose to update or supplement the personal
information that you provided at registration at any time through your account settings.
• Services Information. We automatically collect and store information about your use of the
Services, such as your engagement with particular content including editorial, advertisements,

---
[PAGE BREAK]
sponsored informational programs from our advertisers, which may include pharmaceutical
companies (“Sponsored Programs”), whether you opened a particular email, clicked on a link,
your search queries and how often and when you engage with the Services. We also collect
information about your device when you access the Services including IP address, precise
location information, browser information (including referring URL), cookie information and
advertising ID (which is a unique, user-resettable identification number for advertising
associated with a mobile device). We use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as
pixels, tags, web beacons and software development kits, to collect the information about your
use of OpenEvidence Services and your device.
• Cross-Device Tracking. We and our service providers collect and store information about
users' interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies,
including cookies and similar tracking technologies. This allows us to infer the presence of a
common user or household behind multiple devices. We do so in order to:
• provide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing
patterns on all of the devices;
Ο
• detect and prevent fraud;
allow users to use our service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off
on another device; and
• limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across known or
inferred devices.
• Market Research. You may be invited to participate in market research surveys conducted by
us or on our behalf for our own internal business purposes and also market research surveys
conducted by or on behalf of third party sponsors that commissioned the survey. For some
surveys, you may be asked to provide personal information for re-contact (e.g., by email or
phone) or payment fulfillment purposes.
• Public Forums. When you post a comment on a discussion board or other public forum, by
default your username, specialty and degree will be displayed within the forum along with your
comment. You may choose to display additional information in your public forum profile,
including a photo, by adjusting your discussion profile settings. Information that you post within
a public forum is public information and may be used by us and third parties, as further
described in the OpenEvidence Platform Terms of Use.
• Information and Registration Forms. From time to time we may offer you the opportunity to
receive additional information or services from us or from third parties, including our
advertisers (e.g., sample request, sales rep visit, direct marketing, etc.), or to register to attend
live events, either in-person or via livestream. If you wish to participate in such opportunities,
you may be asked to provide personal information to fulfill the request. Unless otherwise
specified in the request form, we may use such information as described in this Privacy Policy
and the third party, if applicable, will be required to use such personal information as described
at the point of collection.
• Information from Third Party Sources. We may obtain additional information about you from
third party sources to assist us in providing the Services. For example, we may use third party

---
[PAGE BREAK]
information to verify and augment your registration information, for research purposes or to
personalize the Services, including advertising.
• Non-registered Users. You must register with the OpenEvidence Platform to gain full access to
Services, however, you may be able to access certain limited Services without registering. Even
if you have not registered, we collect information about your use of the Services through the
use of cookies and other tracking technologies. The information we collect includes the
referring website, if applicable, the type of browser you use, the material viewed, and the time
and date that you accessed the Services.

---
[SECTION: How Your Information May be Used]
How Your Information May be Used
Information about you may be used for the following purposes:
• Provision of the Services. We may use the information collected about you to provide and
improve the Services, and to develop new Services.
• Member Profiles. We may associate information that we have collected about your use of the
Services with your registration information and any other information we have about you, as
described in this Privacy Policy, thereby creating a profile of you that we may update from time
to time ("Member Profile"). This processing of your Member Profile is necessary to deliver the
Services tailored according to your specialty and interests (known or inferred), as further
described below in Personalize the Services Including Advertising.
• Network Profiles. We may use your registration information, as well as information from Third-
Party sources such as IQVIA, to create a profile for you that is viewable by other members of
the OpenEvidence Platform, which may be associated with content with which you engage and
comments you may post (collectively, your “Network Profile”).
• Communications. By registering as a member of the OpenEvidence Platform, you agree to the
use of your registration information and other information collected about you as described in
this Privacy Policy to communicate with you about the Services and other information that may
be of interest to you. These communications may be conveyed through a variety of channels,
subject to applicable law, including emails and may contain advertisements and other
promotional materials from third party sponsors, including pharmaceutical companies.
• User Data. We may create aggregated, de-identified, or anonymous data from the information
you provide, so that it can no longer be linked to you personally. This data may be shared with
third parties for identifying patterns and insights, supporting commercial initiatives, and
analyzing and enhancing our Services.
• Personalize the Services Including Advertising.
• We may personalize the Services, including the advertising you see within the
OpenEvidence Platform, on third party websites and in our email communications, based
on information included in your Member Profile. For example, a user who OpenEvidence
Inc. believes is a cardiologist or who has browsed cardiology content with the
OpenEvidence Platform may be served an advertisement promoting a particular cardiac
product within the OpenEvidence Platform, on third party websites and/or within an email

---
[PAGE BREAK]
that a user who OpenEvidence Inc. believes is a neurologist or has not browsed
cardiology content will not see. We partner with third parties to manage and conduct our
advertising activities including advertising on our websites and on third party websites.
These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver this
advertising based on your activities and interests as inferred from your use of the
Services and other information they have about you. Also, advertisers may use their own
cookies and other tracking technologies in the advertisements served to you through the
Services, some of which may enable the advertiser to obtain personal information that
can be used to specifically identify you, including the fact that you saw the advertisement,
to the extent that you have separately provided consent to the advertiser or to the third
party providing the tracking technology. Some advertisers use companies other than
OpenEvidence Inc. to serve their advertisements on their behalf and to monitor users'
responses to these advertisements through the use of cookies and other tracking
technologies. While OpenEvidence Inc. generally permits the use of third party tracking
technologies based on an understanding that they comply with the OpenEvidence Inc.
Advertising Policy, we do not have control over these third parties' use of cookies and
other tracking technologies or how they manage the information they gather through them
and OpenEvidence Inc. may be unable to verify compliance with the OpenEvidence Inc.
Advertising Policy.
• Personalization is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us
according to which we deliver the Services. We analyze or deduct your preferences and
interests based on a number of factors including:
1. your profile (information provided at the registration time), enriched with other
information obtained from third-party sources such as IQVIA to ensure accuracy of
our data and comply with our legal obligations;
2. your interactions with our Services and the OpenEvidence Platform, such as:
Π
your viewing and search history;
the time and location of your access to our Services;
■ the device you use;
■ answers you give to surveys and quiz;
■ our content you post, like, share or recommend, including through social
media;
other users with similar tastes and preferences on our Service; and
your interactions with other websites including with the OpenEvidence
Platform, subject to our Cookies Policy.
3. This information is used to classify users into different groups or segments, using
algorithms and machine-learning. This analysis helps identify links and patterns
between different behaviors and characteristics to recommend relevant Services for
you. This will never prevent you from accessing and browsing the Services available
to you within the OpenEvidence Platform.
• Verification Purposes. We may use your information in conjunction with information from third
parties to recognize you as a registered member when you visit one of our properties and to

---
[PAGE BREAK]
verify your identity and/or professional credentials. We may require you to provide proof of
your identity, including that you are a healthcare professional, and if you are unable to do so to
our reasonable satisfaction, we reserve the right to deny you access to the Services. While we
take steps to verify that our members who identify as healthcare professionals are actually
healthcare professionals, we make no guarantee as to their identity, professional credentials or
licensure status.
• Legal Grounds. OpenEvidence Inc. is relying on personal data. The Services and
OpenEvidence Platform provide tailored content from multiple sources through a single
interface. We offer a free source of customized information for healthcare professionals. Being
a free service, the OpenEvidence Platform and Services rely on advertising and partnership
revenues to support the development of specialized content designed for practicing healthcare
professionals to help in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases. The optimization of advertising
to provide you with relevant commercial communications and messages therefore goes to the
heart of our ability to support the creation of high-quality medical content, and is the reason
behind many of the uses of personal data described below.
The use of the personal data is necessary, to, respectively:
• Perform the contract entered into between OpenEvidence Inc. and you in the context of
your use of the Services. The performance of the contract includes knowing who you are,
your specialty, your preferences, and centers of interests to provide tailored content,
including interest-based sponsored content and tailored commercial communications.
This is particularly important because the Services are designed to provide recommended
content to you, and the Services are not available to the general public.
• When it comes to:
1. Newsletters, sending by email interest-based advertising or sharing granular data
with sponsors, we process data based on the consent you gave us, our service
providers, our sponsors, which may be revoked at any time (we may in some cases
act as data processors for our sponsors);
2. Interest-based advertising on our websites and mobile apps and third-party
websites and apps including within the OpenEvidence Platform, we process and
combine data to enrich your profile to respond to our legitimate interests based on
our business model offering free and relevant Services to you. You may oppose the
use of certain Cookies and data compiling (see our Cookie notice for more details on
how to refuse Cookies and other technologies). Our use of the legitimate interest

---
[PAGE BREAK]
legal basis is without prejudice to additional requirements on Cookies that may flow
from Directive 2002/58 or any subsequent European legislation.
• Process your personal data based on your consent to participate in the market research
surveys and the performance of the contract entered into between OpenEvidence Inc.
and you in the context of such market research survey; and

---
[SECTION: Sharing Your Information with Third Parties]
• Service Providers. We work with third party service providers to help us provide the Services
and to otherwise assist us in the operation of the OpenEvidence Platform, including in the areas
of email management and deployment, analytics, marketing, advertising, market research,
sweepstakes and contest administration, identity and professional credential validation, content
distribution, customer service, payment fulfillment, event logistics, website maintenance and
data storage and security. We may provide these service providers with personal information
about users of our Services so that they can fulfill their responsibilities to us, however, we do
require that they agree to limit their use of this personal information to the fulfillment of these
responsibilities. To provide you with certain personalization and advertising services described
herein, we may share certain information that we may collect from you, such as your email
address (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system
with our Licensed Partner and their affiliates, which may in turn link demographic or interest-
based information to your browser.
• Advertising and Sponsored Programs. We may provide your personal information to third
party sponsors of advertisements and Sponsored Programs, subject to applicable law.
Specifically, when you are exposed to an advertisement through the Services, whether on one
of our websites or apps, in an email or through some other means, or when you engage in a
Sponsored Program, e.g., access a sponsored information resource, open one of our
sponsored emails, OpenEvidence Inc. may provide your personal information, such as your
name and specialty (but not your email or postal address) to the applicable sponsor and/or its
agents on the sponsor's behalf. We may also provide such third parties with details about your
engagement with the advertisement or Sponsored Program (e.g., whether you viewed or
otherwise interacted with certain content), your answers to any questions contained in the
Sponsored Program and information about you that we have received from third parties.
Additionally, when you register as a member of the OpenEvidence Platform, we may provide
your personal information (but not your email or postal address) to potential sponsors of
advertisements and Sponsored Programs that may be offered or provided to you through the
Services, subject to applicable law. Please review the Privacy Policies of these third parties to
familiarize yourself with their practices. All advertisements and Sponsored Programs (including
any links to Sponsored Programs) made available within the OpenEvidence Platform, including
through emails, will be identified to you by the label Advertisement, Information from Industry,
Sponsored, OpenEvidence Inc. Professional or some similar designation indicating that the

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• Market Research. If you receive remuneration for participating in a market research program
offered through our Services, we may provide your personal information to our payment
fulfillment vendor so that it can process and deliver your payment to you and for its
recordkeeping and regulatory compliance purposes, and also to the program sponsor (or the
market research company acting on its behalf) for its recordkeeping and regulatory compliance
purposes. If you choose to access a survey that is conducted by a third party market research
company, we may identify you to this company. Sometimes market research companies send
us lists of individuals they wish to reach with particular market research opportunities and we
may inform these companies which of these individuals are members of the OpenEvidence
Platform so that they can manage their recruitment needs accordingly. Also, certain market
research opportunities require us or the market research company to contact you directly to
conduct the survey, including by telephone. We will inform you in the research invitation if you
will be required to provide additional contact information, e.g., phone number, to participate so
that you can decide at that time if you wish to proceed with the opportunity. We do not disclose
your survey responses to the sponsor in a manner that identifies you.
• Adverse Event Reporting. If you provide us information about an adverse event regarding a
pharmaceutical product or medical device, we may be required to report such information
along with your contact information to the manufacturer as required for it to fulfill its reporting
obligations to the applicable regulatory authority. If you do not want this information reported to
the applicable manufacturer and regulatory authority, then do not provide us with adverse
event information.
• Aggregated Information. We may provide aggregated information about users of our Services
to third parties as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. For example, OpenEvidence Inc.
may tell a customer what percentage of registered users of the OpenEvidence Platform reside
in a particular geographical area or specialize in a particular clinical area, or what percentage
of participants in a market research survey selected a particular response to a survey question.
• Social Widgets. We may include social widgets within our websites and apps which enable you
to interact with the associated social media services, e.g., to share an article. These widgets
may collect browsing data which may be received by the third party that provided the widget,
and are controlled by these third parties. You may be able to manage your privacy preferences
directly with the applicable social network platform.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
[SECTION: Security of Information]
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the
personal information that we have under our control from unauthorized access, use, disclosure and
accidental loss. When you enter personal information, we encrypt the transmission of that
information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology. You are solely responsible for
maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account username and password. Unfortunately,
no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.

---
[SECTION: Choice and Control]
• Cookies. Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies, including third party cookies,
however, if you choose to reject our cookies, your ability to access and use our Services will be
limited.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
• Precise Location Information. You may disable the transmission of precise location
information through your device settings. To change location settings on your device, please
refer to your device's official knowledge base.
• Email Communications. If you no longer wish to receive a particular type of email
communication from us, you may unsubscribe by clicking the “unsubscribe" link located at the
bottom of the email and following the instructions. Also, you may manage your newsletter
subscriptions within the newsletter subscriptions area within your account settings. Note that
certain email communications that we send to members are service-related and as long as you
are a member of the OpenEvidence Platform, you may not unsubscribe from such emails. Also,
if you have provided us with more than one email address, we may continue to contact you
using the other email address not associated with the emails from which you have
unsubscribed, until you unsubscribe from emails sent to that other address.
• Some of the personal data is required if you become an OpenEvidence Platform member. If you
do not want to provide your (or part of your) personal data, You may not enjoy all or part of the

---
[PAGE BREAK]
OpenEvidence Platform and Services.