This Privacy Policy relates to the information collection
and use practices of Blink in connection with our direct ordering Platform (the "Platform”), and our other Services.

---

All visitors to the Platform are advised to read and understand our Privacy Policy carefully, as by accessing the Platform, you agree to
be bound by the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, storage and use of information relating to
you as provided herein.

---

When you provide us with any Personal Blink's Information (as defined below), you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and
retention of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted by law.

---

Our Privacy Policy explains:
• What information we collect and why we collect it.
• How we use that information.
• The choices we offer, including how to access and update information

---

A. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
1. Information You Provide to Us
When you sign up to become a Registered User or enter a promotion or our referral program, you may be required to provide us with
some personal information (the "Personal Information") about yourself, such as your name, address, phone number, and e-mail
address. We may also collect information regarding your business, such as your company name, business type and industry,
corporate registration details and information about your business license.

---

We do not collect any Personal Information from you when you use our Services unless you provide us with the Personal Information
voluntarily (for example, by registering to use the Services or joining our e-mail list).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

We will process any information provided to us in connection with disputes or to support complaints in connection with the Platform or
Services acquired via the Platform. Please note, Users may submit complaints regarding the Services on the Platform, we will process
the data provided to us by you that is relevant to the disputes or complaints submitted.

---

Information you submit to the Platform for publication may be made publicly available on the Platform and therefore accessible by any
internet user. You should exercise caution when deciding what information you submit to us for publication.

---

2. Information that We receive from Third Parties
We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties that are engaged by us to assist with providing verification services
and conducting suitable money laundering and know-your-customer (KYC) checks on the Users. This may include your name, email
address, company details and contact information.

---

If you choose to participate in reviewing or rating our Services on the Platform, we may receive Personal Information about you form
the third parties that work with us to conduct reviews into our Services and/or rate us.

---

4. Billing Information
In order to submit orders through the Platform, you will be required to provide certain information in addition to the Personal
Information noted above. Such information may include a debit card number, credit card number, billing address, and similar
information (collectively, the "Billing Information").

---

5. Geolocational Information
In order to provide access to the Services while you are using a mobile device, we automatically collect geolocational information from
your mobile device, your wireless carrier, or certain third-party service providers (“Geolocational Information”). The collection of such
Geolocational Information occurs only when the Services are running on your mobile device. You may control the collection of
Geolocational Information through the user settings on your device. You may decline to allow us to collect such Geolocational
Information, in which case we will not be able to provide certain services to you. Please be sure to manage your mobile device and
privacy preferences on the Platform on an ongoing basis.

---

6. Other Information

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

In addition to the Personal Information, the Billing Information, and the Geolocational Information, we may collect
additional information regarding you and your use of our Services, your interactions with us and our advertising, as well
as information regarding your computer or other devices used to access our Services (collectively, the "Other
Information"). Such Other Information may include:
•
•
•
From You. Additional information about yourself that you voluntarily provide to us, such as your food orders, gender, birthdate,
interests, favorite foods, and favorite restaurants.
From Cookies. Information that we collect using "cookie" technology. Cookies are small packets of data that a website store on
your computer's hard drive so that your computer will "remember” information about your visit. We use cookies to help us collect
Other Information and to enhance your experience using the Services. Specifically, we use cookies to authenticate users,
personalize your experience when using the Services, analyze which features of the Services you use most frequently, and
measure and optimize advertising and promotional effectiveness. To do this, we may use both session cookies, which expire
once you close your web browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your computer until you delete them. If you do not want
the Services to place a cookie on your hard drive, you may be able to turn that feature off on your computer or mobile device.
Please consult your Internet browser's documentation for information on how to do this. However, if you decide not to accept
cookies from us, the Services may not function properly. When the Services are made available to you through Facebook (via
our Plugin) and/or other third-party sites, please be aware that these other sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies
and the collection and use of information. You are responsible for reviewing those policies.
From Other Sources. Information that we collect or receive from Facebook and/or other sites on which you have used the
Services in accordance with their terms of use and privacy policies and applicable law.
• Third-Party Analytics. We use third-party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Services,
compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information
relating to the Services and mobile and Internet usage. These third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze
and provide us the data. By accessing and using the Services, you consent to the processing of data about you by these
analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. The information used by such analytics
services is generally at the aggregate level. To the extent any such information is at the individual level or is used for secondary
marketing purposes.

---

For more information on Google Analytics, including how to opt-out from certain data collection, please visit
https://www.google.com/analytics (https://www.google.com/analytics). Please be advised that if you opt-out of any service, you may
not be able to use the full functionality of the Services.

---

B. THE INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIRD--
PARTY ADVERTISING COMPANIES
We share Other Information about your activity in connection with your use of the Services with third parties for the purpose of
tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing advertising you see on the Platform, the Website, the Apps, the Plugin, and
elsewhere. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect
such Other Information for such purposes. Pixel tags enable us, and these third-party advertisers, to recognize a browser's cookie
when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site. By
using the Services, you consent to this collection.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---

6. The right to data probability
You have the right to request us to transfer data that we collect directly to you or other users as provided in this Privacy Policy.