Today Tix, Inc. ("TodayTix," "we," "us," or the "Company") and its affiliates are
committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes our practices
regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) that we collect from users of our
website (www.todaytix.com), our mobile applications, websites we operate on
behalf of partners, affiliated websites, our widgets, and other interactions you have
with us (collectively, the "Services"). Your use of our Services is also governed by
our Terms of Use, so please review them carefully.

---

1. Questions; Contacting Us; Reporting Violations. If you have any questions,
concerns, or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or
processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations, please
contact us at dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com, or by mailing us as follows:
TodayTix, Inc. 1501 Broadway, Suite 1313, New York, NY 10036.

---

2. User Consent. By using our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy
Policy and our Terms of Use, and you expressly consent to the collection, use, and
disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use our Services.

---

3. A Note to Users Outside of the United States. If you are using our Services
from outside of the United States, by using the Services and providing us with data,
you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the
purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition, your Personal Data may be
processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including
the United States, where laws regarding the processing of Personal Data may be
different than the laws in your country. By providing your Personal Data, you
consent to such transfer.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

4. Types of Data We Collect. "Personal Data" means data that identifies, relates to,
describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked,
directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, including, for
example, your name, address, telephone number, email address, as well as any
other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of
the foregoing data. "Deidentified Data" means data that cannot reasonably identify,
relate to, describe, be capable of being associated with or be linked, directly or
indirectly, to a particular consumer. Deidentified Data does not, by itself, permit the
identification of individual persons. We collect the following Personal Data and
Deidentified Data, as described and in the manners identified below.

---

4.1 Personal Data Categories. The following are the types of Personal Data that we
collect.
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, telephone number, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other
similar identifiers.
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained,
considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies as provided through
your use of our Services.
Geolocation or other information that permits us to determine your location.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing
history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our Services, or
advertisement, only to the extent you provide such information in connection with our provision
of services.
Professional or employment-related information, including educational history, only to the
extent described in our employee/applicant privacy policy.

---

We may also collect Personal Data that is treated as "sensitive” under certain data
protection laws. In particular, we may collect your precise geolocation information
(accurate within a radius of 1,750 ft) and payment details. We do not use this
information for advertising or personalization, rather, we collect and use this
information only as reasonably necessary for the operation and provision of our
Services (for example, to enable location-based features you request or to comply
with applicable legal requirements). If you do not want this information collected by
us, you can disable location services on your device with respect to our Services.

---

4.2. Information You Provide to Us. We may collect Personal Data from you, such
as your first and last name, email address, and password when you create an
account to log in to our network ("Account"), as well as in the following
circumstances:
If you use our Services on your mobile device we may collect your phone number and the
unique device id number.
If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we
may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information and
advertising. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can disable on your mobile device the
ability of our Services to receive location-based information.
Certain Services may require our collection of your phone number. We may associate that
phone number with your mobile device identification information.
When you order products or services through our Services, we will collect all information
necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, billing information and shipping
information.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

If you provide us feedback or contact us via email, we will collect your name and email address,
as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply.

---

If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest, lottery, or giveaway offered via our Services, we
may ask you for your first and last name, postal address, email address, and/or telephone
number (e.g., to notify you if you've won or to comply with relevant law). In some situations, we
may need additional information as a part of the entry process. These sweepstakes and
contests are voluntary. You should read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you
enter.

---

When you initiate a ticket transfer, you may provide the recipient's email address or other
contact information to facilitate the transfer. When you receive a ticket transfer, you will need to
log in to or create an account, providing us with your account information.

---

We may also collect Personal Data at other points within our Services that state that Personal
Data is being collected.

---

4.3. Information You Provide to Facebook and other Social Networking Sites
(SNS). The Services may allow users to access Facebook (or another SNS) to
interact with friends. If you are already logged into the Services and Facebook (or
another SNS), when you click on "Connect with Facebook," or a similar function for
another SNS, you will be prompted to merge your profiles. If you are already logged
into the Services but not logged into Facebook or another SNS that we support,
when you click on "Connect with Facebook," or a similar function for another SNS,
you will be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to "Sign Up" for the SNS. By
proceeding, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are
agreeing to Facebook's or other SNS's Terms of Use in your use of the Services.
Conversely, if you are not currently registered as a user of the Services, and you
click on "Sign in" using Facebook or another SNS that we support, you will first be
asked to enter your Facebook or SNS credentials and then be given the option to
register for the Services. In this case, we may receive information from Facebook or
another SNS to make it easier for you to create an Account with us and show our
relevant content to your Facebook or SNS friends. Once you register with us and
connect with Facebook or another SNS, you will be able to automatically post
recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS. Any information that we collect
from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you
have established with that SNS, so please consult the SNS's privacy and data
practices. You have the option to disable your connection with Facebook or another
SNS at any time by logging into your account with us and modifying your settings
accordingly.

---

4.4. Information Collected Automatically. When you use the Services, open or
click on emails we send you, or interact with our advertisements, we or third parties
we work with may automatically collect certain information using technologies such
as cookies and other tracking technologies described below.

---

Information Collected by Our Servers. To make our Services more useful to you, our servers
(which may be operated by a third party, including Amazon Web Services) collect information
from you, including information about the device you use to access our Services, the date and
time you access our services, etc.

---

Log Files. Like many online services, we gather certain information automatically and store it in
log files. When using our Services, this information generally includes IP addresses, browser
type, Internet service provider ("ISP"), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp,
and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer our Services, track
users' movements within our Services, gather demographic information about our user base as
a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users' needs. We do not link this automatically-
collected data to Personal Data.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. "Cookies" are small
pieces of code that a website or app sends to your device. For users of our Services, we may
use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent
Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more
personal and interactive experience.

---

Analytics. We may work with third-party vendors who use the technologies described in this
section to conduct website analytics to help us track and understand how visitors use our
Services.

---

Mobile Services. We may also collect De-identified Data from your mobile device if you have
downloaded our mobile application. Examples of information that may be collected and used
include your geographic location, how you use the application, and information about the type
of device you use (such as manufacturer and model of your device, your preferred language,
unique device identifier, IP address of the device, and your location). In addition, in the event our
Services crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device
model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and
otherwise improve the performance of our Services. This Deidentified Data is sent to us as
aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an
individual.

---

4.5. Information Collected from You about Others. If you decide to invite a third
party to create an account with us, we will collect your and the third party's names
and email addresses or phone numbers in order to follow up with the third party. We
rely on you to obtain whatever consents from the third party required by law to
allow us to access and collect the third party's name and email address as required
above. You or the third party may request that we delete this information as
described in Section 10.3 of this Privacy Policy. When you invite friends to the
Services, we will access your address book and we will import your contacts'
names and email addresses or phone numbers in order to facilitate the invitation.
The email that is sent to your friends will come from your email address so that your
friends know that you want to invite them to access our Services. We do not store
any passwords you provide as part of the contact import process. We also collect
some settings that help us to interpret your data, such as the language and
keyboard settings that you have established, and the phone's carrier, mobile
network code, and mobile country code.

---

4.6. Location Information. If you have enabled location services on your phone
with respect to our Services, we collect your location information to suggest
products or services in your general area. If you do not want this information
collected by us, you can disable location services on your phone with respect to
our Services.

---

4.7. A Note About Children. We do not knowingly gather Personal Data from
visitors under the age of 13. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected
Personal Data from a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as
soon as possible. In accordance with applicable laws, we do not knowingly sell
Personal Data related to a child under 18, or process Personal Data in a manner that
targets individuals under 18 for advertising purposes. If we become aware that we
have processed such data in a way that is not permitted, we will take appropriate
steps to address it. If you believe that we might have collected any Personal Data
from a child under 13, please contact us at dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

6.3. Payment Processors. If you make a payment through the Website, your
payment card details are provided to our payment processing service provider,
Adyen. You may read Adyen's privacy policy at https://www.adyen.com/policies-
and-disclaimer/privacy-policy to learn more about how they use and protect your
information. We do not receive your full credit card or other payment information.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

7. Third-Party Services. Our Services may contain links to services provided by
third-party companies ("Third-Party Companies"). When you click on a link to any
other website or location, you will leave our Service and go to another service, and
another entity may collect Personal Data or Deidentified Data from you. We have no
control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these Third-Party
Companies or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy
do not apply to any Third-Party Companies or content, or to any collection of your
Personal Data after you click on links to such Third-Party Companies. We
encourage you to read the privacy policies of every service you use. The links to
Third-Party Companies are for your convenience and do not signify our
endorsement of such Third-Party Companies or their content, products, or
services.

---

8.2. Cookies. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies
from our Service for any of the purposes described above, you can instruct your
browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you
before accepting a Cookie from the services you access. Consult your browser's
technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able
to use all portions of the Service or obtain the benefit of the complete functionality
of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies,
please let us know at the contact information provided below.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

8.5. Applications. You can stop all collection of information by our mobile
application(s) by uninstalling and deleting the application(s). You may use the
standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile
application marketplace or network.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

9.1. Targeted Advertising / Behavioral Advertising. We may ourselves, or with
third-party vendors, use your information to deliver targeted advertising to you
when you visit the Services or other websites. Cookies, clickstream data, and other
similar technologies described below may be used in this process. For example, if
you are searching for information on a particular product, we or our vendor may
cause an advertisement to appear on other websites you view with information on
that product. This form of advertising, sometimes called “targeted advertising,”
"behavioral advertising,” or “cross-context behavioral advertising,” enables us and
our vendors to know about your interests in connection with the delivery of a
specific ad. We believe that such advertising is helpful because it allows you to see
advertisements that are relevant to your interests. If you would like to opt out of
these interest-based advertisements, please follow the opt-out process described
in the section titled Your Choices above.

---

9.2 Cross-Device Matching. We may use your information to help us, or our third-
party vendors, determine if you have interacted with the Services across multiple
devices and to match such devices. To accomplish this, we may rely on information
(including demographic, geographic and interest-based data) from third parties
such as data vendors, pursuant to their own privacy policies, or we may use
information we collect in conjunction with such third-party data. Based on this data,
we may then display targeted advertisements across devices that we believe are
associated with each other, and may further provide services to our advertisers to
better enable cross-device targeting and analysis. To opt-out of or restrict our use
of certain cross-device data, please see the section titled Your Choices above.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

What Personal Data We Collect
You have the right to know what kinds of Personal Data we collect and our business
purposes for that collection. We make this information available to consumers in
the "Types of Data We Collect" section of this Privacy Policy.

---

How We Use Your Personal Data
You have the right to know how Personal Data is obtained, how it is used, and our
business purposes for that use.

---

Right to Know, Right to Receive, Right to Correct, Right to Delete, Right to Opt-Out
You have the right to:
Know what specific pieces of Personal Data the Company has collected and retained about
you.
Receive a copy of your Personal Data.
Correct your Personal Data that the Company may have collected.

---

10.2. Access Request; Information About Data Collected and Shared; Correct
Personal Data. You have a right to request that we disclose certain information to
you about our collection and use of your Personal Data. You can make an access
request by clicking here or emailing your request to:
dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com. We will provide you the following information
within 45 days of our receipt of a verifiable consumer request from you:
The categories of Personal Data we collect about you.
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collection of your Personal Data.
The business or commercial purpose for the sharing of your Personal Data.
The categories of persons with whom we share your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

You also have the right to request that the Company correct certain Personal Data
that we may have collected about you. To do so, please make a correction request
by clicking here or emailing dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.

---

10.3. Deletion Request: Requesting Deletion of Personal Data. You may choose to
request the deletion of Personal Data collected by the Company. Within 45 days of
our receipt of a verifiable consumer request from you, we will delete the Personal
Data we have collected about you, except for situations when that information is
necessary for us to: provide you with a good or service that you requested; perform
a contract the Company entered into with you; maintain the functionality or security
of our systems; comply with or exercise rights provided by applicable law; or use
the information internally in ways that are compatible with the context in which you
provided the information to us or that are reasonably aligned with your
expectations based on your relationship with the Company. To exercise your right
to request the deletion of your Personal Data:

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

10.6. Process to Verify Consumer Requests. When you submit your request, we
will take steps to attempt to verify your identity. We will seek to match the
information in your request to the Personal Data we maintain about you. As part of
our verification process, we may ask you to submit additional information, use
identity verification services to assist us, or if you are a registered customer, we
may ask you to sign in to your account as part of our identity verification process.
Please understand that, depending on the type of request you submit, to protect
the privacy and security of your Personal Data, we will only complete your request
when we are satisfied that we have verified your identity to a reasonable degree of
certainty.

---

If you do not have a TodayTix account. If you do not have a Today Tix account or
would like to export or delete Personal Data not linked to a TodayTix account, you
can make a request directly to our privacy team at dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.
As this request is for Personal Data outside of a logged-in TodayTix account
experience, we require two identification factors, such as a verified email and phone
number, to process a request to access Personal Data.

---

10.8. Opt-Out Preference Signals. In addition to the advertising opt-out options
above, we capture opt out preference signals (also known as Global Privacy
Controls), and to the extent users have rights under applicable law, treat them as
valid requests to opt out of sale/sharing or to limit the use/disclosure of SPI at the
browser level. An opt-out preference signal is a setting or extension in a browser or
device that a web user sets to prevent the selling or sharing of personal information
or use/disclosure of SPI on sites the browser or device visits. We will process your
signal as a request to exercise your CCPA rights to opt out or limit the use with
respect to relevant information associated with your device, browser, and/or
consumer profile.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

11. Notice to Nevada Residents. If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right
to opt out of the sale of certain Personal Data that we have collected (or may
collect) from you to data brokers or other third parties. You can exercise this right
by visiting Your Privacy Choices or emailing us at dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request.”

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

Right to Delete. You have the right to delete Personal Data that you have provided
by or that we have obtained about you. Please note that we may deny such request
if the requested deletion falls under an exception as set forth in the State Privacy
Laws. Additionally, if you request deletion of your personal data and we have
obtained such information from a third-party source, we may retain such data by
keeping a record of the deletion request and the minimum data necessary to
ensure that your personal data remains deleted from our records and that such
retained data is not used for any other purpose, or we may opt you out of the
processing of such personal data for any purpose except for those allowed under
the State Privacy Laws. To exercise your right to request the deletion of your
Personal Data:

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

For online payments, we use the payment services of Adyen. We do not process, record or
maintain your credit card or bank account information.

---

[PAGE BREAK]

---

15. Non-Discrimination. Providing your Personal Data may be a requirement
necessary to enter into or to perform a contract, including for the performance of
the Services, and replying to and managing requests for information, questions,
communication, or feedback. In such circumstances, refusal to provide your
Personal Data would make it impossible for us to perform the contract or to provide
the requested Services. However, providing your Personal Data for marketing
purposes alone is optional; refusal to provide your Personal Data for marketing
purposes will not have any impact on the performance of our Services.