1.2 This Privacy Policy describes how We collect, store, use, and manage the personal information you
provide to Us or that We collect in connection with https://findmykids.org/ (the "Site"), official company
communities on social media, mobile apps “Kidsy” and “Pingo: Chat with parents” (referred to as the
"Applications" and collectively with the Site and all services provided through the Site and Applications, as
the "Services"), as well as your choices and rights concerning the collection and use of personal information.

---
Before accessing or using Our Services, please ensure that You have read and understood how We collect,
store, use, and disclose Your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

---
2.Data We Collect and Receive
2.1. In order to provide You with Our Services, We may collect or receive data, which may include personal
information voluntarily provided during the registration process, subscription to the Service, publication of
materials or information collected automatically during the course of providing the Services.

---
2.2. We collect the following types of information about You and Your child:

---
2.2.1. Registration and Account Data
The Find "Kidsy", which is intended for adults only, allows Users to create a profile. When You create such a
profile, We may collect Your personal information, such as your email address, or cell phone number. We also
may collect Your general location data such as country or region.
The "Pingo: Chat with Parents" app is intended for children. It can be set up by an adult or a child. If the app
is set up by a child, We first request a parent's code from the Kidsy app. These apps need to be used
together. The only personal information we ask for within Pingo is the child's age.
When You as a Parent set up the child's “Pingo: Chat with Parents" Your parental Kidsy app is connected to
that child's phone, and You as a parent may create a child's profile within the Kidsy app by providing the
following personal information:
- Child's nickname. This nickname is not displayed publicly.
- Avatar picture. Only a picture that does not identify the child can be used. The Company does not store
photos of the child on its server, and only the parent is allowed to access this data.
- GPS watch photos. The Company does not store photos of the child on its server, and only the parent is
allowed to access this data.
- We may also collect information from your Contact list for the purposes of setting up a White list option and
filling a contact list, choosing numbers to control the watches, and SOS numbers.

---
2.2.2. Communication Data
When You communicate with Us or submit a report about problems with the Services, post any content or
messages, or provide any other information within the Services, We may process all of this information. This
data may include:
- data that You post on the Services;
- data sent through "Pingo: Chat with Parents";
- data You provide through our support channels.

---
2.2.3. Data Collected Through Use of the Services

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
2.2.3.1. When You or Your child use any of Our Services, the following types of information may be
processed:
- general location data, which includes your country, region, city (includes your precise location data);
- language set up on your device;
- data about Your use of the Services;
- payment data, when You purchase any Services from Us, including information necessary to process Your
orders with the relevant payment provider, which may include the amount of any transaction, but WILL NOT
INCLUDE Your name, financial information, or cardholder data, which will only be submitted directly to the
payment service provider under secure protocols; You can find further information in the current data
protection guidelines of the respective payment providers. When You make in-app purchases within the
mobile application, we do not collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This
information is collected and stored by Your platform (e.g. Apple Store or Google Play) or Your platform's
payment processor.

---
2.2.3.2. We may collect the following types of personal information regarding child users of the “Pingo: Chat
With Parents" app:
- Geolocation (precise geolocation): we collect and use the unique user ID and location of the mobile device
on which the "Pingo: Chat With Parents" app is installed using GPS, WiFi, or wireless triangulation in order to
get the location of the mobile device to provide our Services. We only store the geolocation data as long as it
is reasonable to provide the Service, and then We delete the geolocation data related to Your profile in the
"Kidsy" app. The Company may maintain geolocation data for a longer period of time only in order to analyse
cumulative trends and indicators (improvement of our Services). During the app's set up, We will ask You
whether You want to turn the geolocation tracking on. You can later change your choice within the settings of
the device.
- Sound around the child's device per request of the parent: you as a parent can choose to listen live to your
child's device's surroundings for 20 seconds (if You are within 2 meters of Your child's phone), or choose to
record these surroundings. Your child needs to have the “Pingo: Chat With Parents" app installed. Listening
and recording are allowed only for the users with the “Kidsy” app installed and connected with the child's
profile. The child is notified that they may be recorded. This information is accessible from the settings of the
“Pingo: Chat With Parents" app.
- Access to the device usage statistics: you as a parent may display the sound regime type on your child's
phone, the child's device's battery level, information regarding the percentage of time spent using other apps.
This can only be displayed within the “Kidsy” app connected with the child profile.
- Fitness data or activity recognition data: this information may be displayed within the “Kidsy” app
connected with the child profile.
The Company does not store sound around the device or audio data, usage statistics, fitness data, or activity
recognition data on any servers. Only the parent connected to the same child profile is allowed to access this
information within their “Kidsy" app.

---
2.2.4. Data Collected Automatically via Cookies and Related Technologies
When you visit our website or use our mobile software, We and Our business partners may collect certain
data about your PC or device using technologies such as cookies, web cookies, log files, or any other
tracking/recording tools. The information We collect using the tracking technologies includes but is not
limited to the IP addresses, browser information, links to/exits and URLs, streaming data and information
regarding how you interact with the web links, website, mobile software or Service, domain names, landing
pages, page views, cookies data which allow us to uniquely identify your browser and monitor the behaviour
of your browser at Our website, type of mobile device or other permanent identifiers. Some or all of this data
may be combined with other personally identifying information specified above.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
When You access our Service via a mobile device, We may receive or collect and store unique identification
numbers associated with Your device or Our mobile app (including, for example, UDID, a unique identifier for
advertisers ("IDFA")) device type, model and manufacturer, brand and model of the mobile operating system.

---
We may use first-party cookies that belong to us and that we place on your device and third-party cookies
that another party places on your browsing device when You visit our site. Third parties setting cookies on
Our website will be providing a service to Us or a function of the Site, but We do not always control how third-
party cookies are used. You should check the third party's website for more information about how they use
cookies.

---
Cookies or similar technologies stored on your computer or device through which You use the Services have
amongst others but without limitation, the following functions: Authentication. If you're signed in to our
Services, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.

---
Security. We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious
activity.

---
Preferences and Features. Cookies or similar technologies can tell us which language you prefer and what
your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on our Sites more easily. They also
provide you with features, insights, and customized content.

---
Marketing. We may use cookies or similar technologies to help us deliver marketing campaigns and track
their performance. Similarly, our partners may use cookies to provide us with information about your
interactions with their services and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness and allow more
effective targeted advertising, but the use of those third-party cookies would be subject to the service
provider's policies. We do not use or share the child's personal information for the purposes of targeted
advertising.

---
Performance, Analytics, and Research. Cookies or similar technologies help us learn how well our Sites and
Services perform, diagnose or fix technology problems reported by the users or developers. We also use
cookies or similar technologies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services,
including to create logs and record when you access our Sites and Services from different devices, such as
your computer or your mobile device.

---
We may use third-party analytics providers software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our
software on your device, including but not limited to, Google Analytics, Firebase, Facebook Analytica
(collectively "Third Party Analytics Providers”). This software may record information such as how often You
use the Services, the events that occur within the Services, aggregated usage, performance data, and where
our Software was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to
any personal data You submit within the Services.

---
The following is the non-exhaustive list of third parties that we use for analytics:

---
Google Analytics (USA)
Google Analytics collects information such as how often Users visit this Site, what pages they visit when they
do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Site. Google's ability to use and share
information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Services is restricted by the Google
Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
prevent Google Analytics from recognizing You on return visits to this Site by disabling cookies on your
browser or mobile device. For more information about Google Analytics, please see the Google Privacy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en). To prevent Google Analytics from using your data through a
web browser, you can get the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
(https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

---
Facebook Analytics (a country of the owner of this service depends on your country)
Solution for analytics that helps to understand how You use our Services. For more information about
Facebook Analytics privacy practices, please see the https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy.

---
AppsFlyer (USA), Adjust (a country of the owner of this service depends on your country)
We are using the aforementioned services for attribution and marketing analytics services that allows us
measure and analyze the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing
campaigns contributed to the installation of our mobile applications and such other conversion metric; and
measure and analyze certain events and actions within our applications, such as in-app purchases made by
End Users. For more information about AppsFlyer privacy practices, please see the
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/ and https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-
policy/.

---
2.2.6. Anonymous data
We will also collect anonymised details about visitors to and use of Our Services for the purposes of creating
aggregate statistics or reporting purposes. However, no single individual will be identifiable from the
anonymised details we collect for these purposes.

---
3. Children's Personal Data

---
3.1. US child users
3.1.1. The Company takes special precautions to protect the privacy of children. The Company does not
knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable consent of a
parent or legal guardian. Some of our Services are intended to be used by children under 13. In that case, it's
only with significant parental involvement upon the setup of the Service (e.g., the connection of the “Pingo:
Chat with Parents" app with the parental “Kidsy" app) and receipt of verifiable parental consent.

---
3.1.2. If the Company learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without
parental consent, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information as soon as possible. Although this
is highly unlikely to happen, if you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13
has a registered account with our Service without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing
privacy@findmykids.org so that we may delete that child's personal information from our systems and
terminate any account your child has created with us.

---
3.1.3. Verifiable parental consent is obtained using the email plus consent mechanism under COPPA. We will
request that You as a parent provide your email address, where we will send you an email to verify your email
address and a consent email. You will be asked to either open a link sent in the consent email or add a
verification code on your device during the setup of the “Kidsy” app. The “Pingo: Chat with Parents" app
cannot be used before you enter your code accessible in the "Kidsy" app.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
3.2.1. Information sharing. The Company may share or disclose a child's personal information with Our third-
party service providers and business partners as described in our Privacy Policy. However, we do not use or
share personal information collected from the accounts of children under 13 for marketing or advertising
purposes, nor permit our third-party partners to collect and use such information for advertising purposes.
Please review the section of our Privacy Policy called “Who We Share Your Data With” to learn more about
how we share information with our service providers, partners, and others.

---
3.2.3. If You would like to review or delete any personal information We have collected from Your child, or to
withdraw permission for us to collect any information from Your child, please contact us at
privacy@findmykids.org. Please also review the section of the Privacy Policy called “Your Rights and
Options" to learn more about how you may control or turn off certain data collection by the Service.

---
4. How We Use Data

---
4.1. To Provide the Services to You
To provide the Service to You and to perform Our contract with You, we use Your information, which is
necessary:
• to register and administer Your User Account, and to verify Your details,
• to provide You with the Service upon Your request;
• to verify and confirm Your payments;
• to communicate with You including via email or push notification about Your account or
transactions with Us and send You information about features on Our Services or changes to Our
policies;
• to provide support including, but not limited to, product updates, product patches, fixes, and other
similar communications;
• enable You to communicate with Your child.

---
4.2. To make the Service more suitable for Our users
To provide a great Service to Our users, We have a legitimate interest in collecting and processing the
necessary information to
• update and develop User profiles;
• develop and improve the Service and User experience;
• manage our relationship with you;
• customize your Service experience;
• respond to your comments and questions and provide User support;
• notify you and provide you with information about the features of our Services, new releases and
service developments, and to advertise our products and services;
• provide you with special offers inside the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by
email;
• send you related information, including via email or push notification, such as updates, security
alerts, and support messages.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
In order to keep the Service and its features safe and fair, to prevent and fight fraud and cheating, and to
ensure acceptable use, we have a legitimate interest in processing the necessary data to
• analyze and monitor the use of the Services;
• take action against fraudulent, cheating, or disruptive Users;

---
4.4. With Your Consent
4.4.1. We are not required to obtain Your consent for most of the processing activities that we undertake in
respect of Your own personal information. For more information on how we receive verifiable parental
consent for the collection and processing of children's personal information see section 3 above.

---
5. Who We Share Your Data With
5.1. We share information we collect about You in the ways discussed below and only when necessary for
the performance of a contract with You, compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or based
on our legitimate interests. We may share Your with third-party service providers that perform services for us
or on our behalf, which may include providing payment, email services, fraud prevention or analytic services,
or other service providers as specified below. We are not in the business of selling information about You to
advertisers or other third parties. While a third party may have access to Your personal data in connection
with the performance of services for the Company, it may not use such information for any purpose other
than providing its services.

---
5.3. Customer Support Services: we engage third parties to help Us provide customer support for some
territories and products. Such companies may have access to Your personal data, including personal data
that You may provide in your customer support requests. Such partners include: Intercom, Inc.
(https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy)

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
5.6. Sharing anonymous information: we also may share with third parties anonymous or aggregated
information or other data that does not directly identify You, such as to show trends about the use of the
Services. We may share aggregate or anonymous information about You with advertisers, publishers,
business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. We may also allow Our third-party advertisers to collect
anonymous information and aggregated information within the Services and they may then share that
information with Us. Our advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies
like cookies and web beacons. This enables our advertisers to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the
Services and on the websites of third parties so that they can try to serve You with advertisements for
products and services that are most likely to be of interest to You. Advertisers will also use this information
to monitor, improve, or modify their operations.

---
5.7. Publicly available information: Our Sites may offer publicly available chats, forums, and blogs that are
viewable by others. Please note that You post publicly available information at your own risk. We are not
liable for any information that You voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other explicit actions.
You should be aware that any information you provide on these communication services -including your
Account information may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these
communication services. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these
Services. To request removal of Your personal information from publicly accessible websites operated by Us,
please contact us as specified below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in
which case we will let You know if we are unable to, and why.

---
6. Third-Party Websites and Services
6.1. Third parties may collect Your information. There are a number of places on or through the Services
where You may click on a link to access other websites, services or web resources that are not affiliated or
connected with Us and do not operate under this Privacy Policy. For example, if You click on an ad, you may
be taken to a website that we do not control. These third-party websites may independently collect
information, including Your personal information, from You. We advise you to check the privacy policies of all
third-party websites you visit.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
8.1. We do not store personal data that can be used to identify a User beyond the time period necessary to
complete the function for which information was collected. We store your personal data for as long as Your
User account is active, or as long as is needed to provide You with the Service. This also applies to data of
child Users.

---
8.2. Storing of the information for marketing purposes: If you have elected to receive marketing notifications
from Us, we store information about Your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the
date you last expressed interest in our Services.
We store information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time
from the date when such information was created and in accordance with conditions provided in section
2.2.4. (Data Collected Automatically via Cookies and Related Technologies).

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
10.10.2. Data Portability: Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your personal information in a
format that you can move from one service provider to another (for instance, when you transfer your email
address to another carrier). Depending on the context, this applies to some, but not to all of your data.