This Privacy Policy explains how Investment Analytics Sp. z o.o., ul. B. Chrobrego 4, 12 - 100 Szczytno, TAX ID: 7451838341, Regon: 280617054,
KRS: 0000387722 ("Investment Analytics Sp. z o.o." or "we") collects, stores, uses, transfers and shares personal data of our users ("you") in
connection with the Medic Scanner mobile application (the "Application")* and the medicscanner.com website, including any products and services
related thereto (the "Website") (collectively, the "Services"). Investment Analytics Sp. z o.o. is the "data controller."

---
1. Personal data we receive from you
We collect your Personal Information in a variety of ways. Sometimes we collect Personal Information automatically when you interact with the
Services, and sometimes we collect it directly from you. In some cases, we may receive Personal Information about you from other sources and third
parties.
When you register or pay to use the Services, we may collect your following Personal Information:
- Name;
Email address;
Year of birth;
Phone number;
- Password or access code;
- Place of residence and related location data, such as time zone and language.
Gender
2.When you access or use the Services, we may automatically collect the following information:
a) Device information:
Device model;
- Information about the operating system and its version;
Unique device identifiers (e.g., IDFA);
Enabled device accessibility functions (e.g., display functions, auditory functions, physical and motor functions);
- Mobile carrier and network information;
- Information about the data stored on the device;
- System version of the device.
b) Location information:
- IP address;
- Time zone;
- Mobile service provider information.
c) Data regarding your use of the Services, including but not limited to:

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
- Frequency of use;
- Areas and features of the Services that you access, visit or use;
- Involvement in specific functions.

---
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this and other information. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details.

---
Data from external sources. We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties. For example, we may obtain information from third
parties to enrich or supplement existing information about you for, among other things, customizing and personalizing your service and for
statistical and analytical purposes, as described below.

---
2. How we use your Personal Information
We will not collect or use your Personal Data without informing you. Depending on which features of the Services you use, we will process your
Personal Data based on one or more of the following legal bases:

---
These are companies that help us run the Services, support the communications occurring between you and us, or perform other activities related to
the Application. They may process certain Personal Data to achieve the purposes of the features of the Application and related activities. We are
fully responsible for any acts or omissions of these processors and enter into formal data processing agreements with them, to the extent required
by applicable law.
Here is a list of our main data processors:
Type
Data processor
Privacy policy of the data
processor
Data collected
Target
Infrastructure and
security
AWS (Amazon Web
Services, Inc.)
AWS Privacy Policy
(https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/)
All Personal Information
storage of all personal data
when using the application
Infrastructure and
security
Autho (Autho, Inc.)
Autho privacy and cookie policy
(https://autho.com/privacy/)
E-mail address
IP address
Name;
verification and
authorization services
Payments
Apple (Apple, Inc.)
Apple Privacy Policy
(https://support.apple.com/en-
us/HT210584)
Payment information and bank
details
Personal badges
enabling the collection and
processing of application
subscription payments
Payments
Google (Google LLC,
USA)
Google Privacy Policy
(https://policies.google.com/privacy)
Payment information and bank
details
Personal badges
enabling the collection and
processing of application
subscription payments

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Website, Internet
Services
When you use the Website and
Online Services, certain third
parties may collect information
about your visits and activities
through cookies or other
tracking technologies (i.e.
special pixels) and for various
purposes, such as analytics or
the need to improve
performance. You can learn
more about cookies and how to
block them in our Privacy Policy.

---
Google reCAPTCHA service
We use Google's reCAPTCHA service on the payment pages of our Website. The reCAPTCHA distinguishes data entered by humans from data
entered by machines. Google's reCAPTCHA service collects information (e.g. IP address, time spent on the website or mouse movements made by
the visitor) for analysis. Google's reCAPTCHA service then transmits information to Medic Scanner that you are a human and not a robot. More
information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at the highlighted links.

---
Combined information
Occasionally, we may aggregate and anonymize your Personal Data or strip it of identifiable elements in such a way that it cannot be used to
establish your identity. Such data ceases to be Personal Data. We may share such data with our partners or research institutions or use such data for
statistical purposes, for example, we may share or use general age information, demographic information and aggregate statistics about specific
activities or symptoms from collected data to help identify patterns among users in articles, blog posts and scientific publications. Sharing such data
contributes to the advancement of health research. Our legal basis for processing your data for this purpose is legitimate interest.

---
Information posted by you
Any information (including Personal Information) shared in any area reserved for the online community or in an online discussion is generally
available to all members of the Application community. We recommend that you think carefully before posting Personal Information in any public
forum. What you post may be read, disclosed or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including,
to contact you for illegal purposes. If you accidentally post Personal Information in social posts on our services and wish to remove it, please send us
a message at. pomoc@medicscanner.com (mailto:pomoc@medicscanner.com).

---
- We take all reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect all Personal Data collected from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration and destruction, keeping in mind the nature of the data we store and the risks associated with the special category of Personal
Data we collect (health information). These measures include pseudonymization and tokenization of certain categories of Personal Data.

---
The Personal Information we collect is transferred to and processed in Poland (where it is subject to Polish
law) and in other countries (where it is subject to the laws of those countries). Please note that the laws of Poland and the laws of other countries do
not always offer the same degree of protection as the laws of your country's jurisdiction.