General Information
Expo is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the information we collect
and to being transparent about the ways in which we collect and process your
information. This statement (the "Privacy Policy") sets forth our policies and
practices for handling the information we collect from or about you. It applies to
the websites and online services that we operate and that link to this Privacy Policy
(the "Services").

---
Collection of Information
We collect the following categories of information when you use our Services
(including when our mobile applications run on your device):
•
Information you provide directly to us:
•
•
•
•
•
•
Contact Information, like name and email address.
Sign-In Information, including your username, password, and
site registrations.
Profile Information and Survey Responses, including feedback,
company name, website, location, bio, GitHub or Twitter usernames, and
survey responses.
Transaction and Billing Data, including your bank account and payment card
details (credit card number, expiration date, and credit card security code,
where needed to complete a transaction) and billing address.
Commercial information, including records of products or services
purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies.
When end-users use apps made with Expo, we may collect the end-users'
push tokens, if you are utilizing Expo's push notification service.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•
•
•
When end-users use apps using the EAS Update feature, we may collect the
end-users' device operating system and randomized tokens used to
determine if the end-user has downloaded an update.
Correspondence you send to us, such as emails.
Information we collect automatically. We collect internet, or other electronic
network activity information automatically from the devices and browsers that
you use, including your IP address, browser type and operating system (including
mobile device information, if applicable), errors, performance metrics, and
webpage and app interactions. We also collect usage and performance statistics
from Expo projects.

---
We also receive the categories of information described above from other sources,
including from users of our Services and third-party services and organizations. For
example, if you access any social media or similar services through the Services to
login or to share information about your experience on our Services with others, we
may collect information from these third-party services. Without this information, we
are not able to provide you with all the requested services, and any differences in
services are related to your information. We may aggregate or de-identify the
information described above. Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this
Privacy Policy.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Where we need to collect information by law, or under the terms of a contract we
have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able
to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to
provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may cancel a product or service
you have with us.

---
Disclosure of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when
and with whom we may share the information we collect.
•
•
•
Authorized third-party vendors and service providers: We send the information
you provide directly to us, the information we collect automatically, and the
information we collect from other sources to services that process data for us for
business purposes related to providing products or services you've requested
(such as payment processing, analytics, error logging, customer interactions, and
data processing and storage).
Business transfers: We may transfer any of the information we collect about you
if Expo is acquired by or merged with another company, in connection with a
substantial corporate transaction (e.g. asset sale, initial public offering, or in the
unlikely event of bankruptcy).
Legal purposes: We may disclose any of the information we collect to respond to
subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims
or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety,
and security of Expo, our affiliates, users, or the public (including responding to

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•
illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the
physical safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Service).
Consent: We may share any of the information we collect for any other
purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to
your consent.

---
If you access third-party services
such as social media services
through the
Services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you,
including information about your activity on the Services, and they may notify your
connections on the third-party services about your use of the Site, in accordance
with their own privacy policies.

---
If you choose to engage in public activities on the Services, you should be aware that
any information you share there can be read, collected, or used by other users of
these areas. You should use caution in disclosing information while participating in
these areas. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these
public areas.

---
Expo does not sell your information to third parties. Expo does permit third parties to
collect the information described above through our Service and discloses such
information with third parties for business purposes as described in this Privacy
Policy. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this
Privacy Policy.

---
When you use our Services, we use cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data,
which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser
from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.

---
These are used on our Services:
•
•
Essential cookies. These cookies enable you to use our Services. These cookies
are essential to enable you to browse our Services and use certain features.
Disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of the Services. Without
these cookies, certain services cannot be provided. These cookies also help
keep our Services safe and secure. For example: these cookies keep you logged
into your Expo account.
Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use our
Services such as which pages you visit regularly, which device and/or website
you come from, and any error messages that appeared during your use of
the Services. These cookies are used to provide you with a high-quality
experience by doing things such as tracking page load, site response times, and
error messages.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
•
Personal Information Collected Through Cookies. We use the personal
information collected through cookies for the purposes specified above
(including in the Section “Use of Information and Purpose of Data Processing").
For those cookies where we ask for your consent to deploy them, we also rely on
consent as the legal basis for processing personal information collected through
those cookies. We use a cookie to store your session so you stay logged in when
you visit our website, but do not use permanent cookies.

---
Where required by law, we will present you with a cookie banner the first time you
visit our website that explains what type of cookies we use and which asks your
consent for some of the cookies. You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by
adjusting your web browser settings. Some browsers have options that allow the

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Data Privacy Framework: Expo complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework,
the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively,
the "Data Privacy Framework") regarding the collection, use, and retention of
personal information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and
Switzerland to the United States. We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right
to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you
in the United States, and the right to access that data. EU and Swiss individuals who
seek access, or who seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to
the United States under the Data Privacy Framework should direct their query to us
via our contact form.

---
If we have received your personal information in the United States and subsequently
transfer that information to a third party acting as our agent and such a third party
agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Data
Privacy Framework Principles, we will remain liable unless we prove we are not
responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

---
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, we commit to resolve
complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information
transferred to the United States persuant to the Data Privacy Framework. EU, UK, and
Swiss individuals with Data Privacy Framework inquiries or complaints should first
contact us via our contact form. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, we commit to
cooperating with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs),
the UK Information Commissioner (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and
the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), as
applicable, and to comply with the advice given by them in respect of the compliant.

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
Privacy Shield: The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework supersede the
former EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks. Before the
introduction of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework, Expo previously complied with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom to the
United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. Expo will continue to protect personal
information from the EEA or the UK according to the standards of the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework, Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and applicable EU
law where personal information has already been transferred to the U.S. on the
basis of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield prior to their
being replaced.

---
Use of Information and Purpose of Data Processing
Information will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes
set out above, in accordance with applicable laws. We maintain reasonable security
measures to safeguard information from loss, theft interference, misuse, unauthorized
access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We also maintain reasonable
procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its intended use and is
accurate, complete, and current. You should understand that no data storage system
or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be
guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, accurate, complete, or current. Please note that
information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as
information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of
such information. You can see a list of services we use here.

---
Data Retention, Security, and Integrity
Information will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes
set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
We maintain reasonable security measures to safeguard information from loss, theft
interference, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We

--- [PAGE BREAK] ---
also maintain reasonable procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its
intended use and is accurate, complete, and current. You should understand that no
data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public
network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, accurate, complete, or current.
Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security
protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting
the security of such information.