"Personal Information”
"Personal Information” shall have the same meaning as that of the “personal information”
defined in “Act on the Protection of Personal Information” (Act No. 57 of May 30, 2003,
amended on September 3, 2015, hereinafter “APPI”), i.e., information containing name,
address etc., through which a specific individual can be identified, and information containing
an individual identification code including license number of driver's license and face
recognition data. Information, through which a specific individual cannot be identified, but
readily identified by collated with other information, shall be also included in Personal
Information.

---

"Specific Personal Information”
"Specific Personal Information” shall have the same meaning as that of “specific personal
information" defined in the “Act on the Use of Numbers to Identify a Specific Individual in the
Administrative Procedure” (Act No.27 of 2013; hereinafter referred to as the "Numbers Use
Act"), i.e., personal information including individual number (my number).

---

"Personal Related Information"
"Personal Related Information” shall mean information related to certain individual including
access log information associated with internet use, while not sufficient to identify a specific
individual, distinctive in that one can recognize as “information related to a certain
individual." This includes information concerning information communication equipment (e.g.
identifier including identification code unique to each equipment and location data), browsing
history of webpages etc. available through cookie identifier etc., email address or account ID,
through which alone a specific individual cannot be identified.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 1. Collection of Personal Data]
1. Collection of Personal Data
Our Company collects Personal Data in any of the following cases:
(1) Input by a customer through information communication equipment;
(2) Submission of document etc. directly by a customer;
(3) Automatically collected in association with use and/or browsing by a customer of
service, contents, goods, advertisement etc.;
(4) Provision by a third party, to whom a customer has consented; and
(5) Or otherwise collecting lawfully.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 2. Purpose of Processing Personal Information]
The purposes for which Our Company collects Personal Information are as follows:
(1) To provide services etc. fitting for a customer;
(2) To deliver goods, prizes etc. a customer has ordered or applied for;
(3) To confirm or announce necessary information in relation to above (1) and (2)
(including inquiry to financial institution and credit card company etc. for
settlement procedure.)
(4) To report the result etc. of survey or event etc. to those who have cooperated or
participated in.
(5) To announce information relating to service to a customer;
(6) To improve Our Company's service and to develop new service;
(7) To respond inquiry from a customer;
(8) Prevention or taking measures of wrongful act;
(9) To announce goods, services and/or event and to deliver present or survey
provided by associated companies etc.
* Should there be any specific provision as to a purpose of use for a certain Personal
Information, Our Company shall process such Personal Information in accordance
with such provision. The same shall apply to the cases where Our Company
receives Personal Information from a third party, to whom a customer has
consented and should there be any specific provision as to a purpose of use
therefor.
* As to Special care-required personal information including medical history, Our
Company shall comply with APPI when collecting, using and providing, for example,
obtaining consent from a customer prior to collection.
* A customer can, at its judgment, choose whether to provide Personal Information to
Our Company, provided that a customer understands that, when he/she chooses
not to provide, he/she may not use the services etc. Our Company provides.

---
[SECTION: 3. Processing of Personal Related Information (Access Log etc.)]
3. Processing of Personal Related Information (Access Log etc.)
Our Company shall use Personal Related Information including access log for the purposes
described below. Our Company may use Personal Related Information in connection with
Personal Information Our Company collects. In such an event, Our Company shall limit the
purpose to "Purpose of Processing Personal Information” prescribed in this privacy guideline.
For details, please read here.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 4. Joint Use of Personal Data]
4. Joint Use of Personal Data
Our Company and group companies of Our Company may jointly use Personal Information
collected by them within Shueisha Group. For detail of joint use, please read here.

---
[SECTION: 6. Provision of Personal Information to a Third Party]
Our Company shall not provide collected Personal Information to a third party without
obtaining prior consent from a customer; provided that Our Company may provide Personal
Information to a third party in any of the following cases:

---

* Our Company may provide to a third party collected Personal Information
as anonymously processed information, after properly processing the
same so as not to be able to identify a specific individual in accordance

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 7.Control etc. of Personal Information]
Our Company shall control collected Personal Information properly in accordance with "Basic
Policy on How to Control Personal Information of Shueisha.” For details of process of
information and security control etc., please read here.

---
[SECTION: 9. Processing of Specific Personal Information]
Considering that it is important social responsibility to handle individual number and Specific
Personal Information (Specific Personal information etc.) safely and appropriately, Our
Company takes measures for appropriate collection, use and protection of those information
and control those information strictly, as follows:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 3. Use of Personal Related Information (Access Log etc.)]
3. Use of Personal Related Information (Access Log etc.)
• Our Company uses Personal Related Information including access log etc. for the following
purposes:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
•Details of Personal Related Information including access log etc. Our Company collects are as
follows:
(1) Collection of Access Log
When a customer accesses website operated by Our Company, Our Company
collects certain information as access log and stores the same for a certain period
of time. The information included in the access log are: date and time of access,
number of access, IP address, type of browser used, cookie etc. The information
does not include information, through which a certain individual can be identified,
e.g., name or address of the customer. Our Company does not have purpose to
identify customer through this information. Our Company uses this information as
part of improving our services.
(2) Use of Cookie
Cookie means small data file transferred and received between web server and
customer's browser when a customer uses the webpages. When a customer sets
his/her personal computer or mobile phone as accepting cookie (allowing
acceptance of cookie), cookie is stored in a certain area of used personal computer
or mobile phone. When a customer accesses the same website again, website
operator can change indication of the website by information available through
cookie depending on each customer. While Our Company can identify customer's
browser through cookie, Our Company cannot identify a customer only based on
cookie. Some of the websites operated by Our Company use cookie.

---

(4) Third Party Cookie
On the website Our Company operates, third parties, partner companies of Our
Company or sponsor companies may, by Our Company's permission, send to, accept
from and use their cookies on customers for the purposes, for example, of
developing new services and improving existing services including indicating
personalized content and advertisement for customer's review based on one's
attribute that does not include each customer's Personal Information; indicating
advertisement of Our Company on various websites on the internet; analyzing use
of service of Our Company by customer (including measuring effect of
advertisement and content indicated on the website operated by Our Company).

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Cookies collected through such process are stored not at Our Company's server but
at those of partner companies and third parties and treated in accordance with
applicable privacy policy of each company. Customer can invalidate such cookie
information retained by partner company or third parties by accessing opt-out
(invalidate) page of each company by yourself.

---
[SECTION: 4. Joint Use of Personal Information]
4. Joint Use of Personal Information
Our Company jointly use Personal Information collected by customers, as follows:
(1) Information subject to Joint Use:
- All the information related to customer's Personal Information Our Company has
collected.

---
[SECTION: 7. Control etc. of Personal Information]
The websites operated by Our Company adopt high security server software (digital certificate
for web server) named SSL (Secure Socket Layers) applicable when a customer inputs Personal
Information. This is the most common security system in the world, which encrypts Personal
Information so that a third party cannot review the content. By adopting this technology, Our

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 8. Disclosure, Correction etc. of Personal Information]
Those who request disclosure or correction etc. of his/her Personal Information Our Company
collects may download application form prepared for each category of request, fill out
necessary items of the application form and mail it to the following address of the consulting
service.

---

Our Company shall not use Personal Information Our Company collects in relation to
each application process for other purpose than confirmation of content of
application and eligibility of applicant.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 12. Inquiry concerning Personal Information]
(1) Our Company may introduce or send services, goods or survey by direct mail,
facsimile or email etc. based on Personal Information and/or Personal Related
Information Our Company possesses. If you want to unsubscribe, please so report
here.