This Privacy and Data Protection Policy sets out the basis which MetaQuotes Ltd ("we", "us", or
"our") may collect, use or otherwise process personal data via our website www.metaquotes.net
("Website") and all related websites as specified below, downloadable software, mobile
applications including desktop applications (collectively "Products"), and other services provided
by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed, and all other communication with
individuals through written or oral means, such as email, chat or phone (collectively together with
the Website and Products, our "Services").

---

Processing: means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on
sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure
by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination,
restriction, erasure or destruction.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
1. Collection and use of information

---

1.1 We generally collect information that:
a) you directly provide us via our websites or upon your request regarding our products or
services,
b) we receive from the use of our products and services including but not limited to our websites

---

1.2 We may collect your personal information through several different sources, including but not
limited to:
• Website forms and registrations to software products/applications
• Physical forms
• Over the telephone or email
• Introducing agent
• Existing clients or employees
• Service desk tickets
• Online live assistance and support
• Social media and social networking
• Advertising counters and identifiers on websites

---

1.3 We may collect and use your personal data for any or all of the following purposes:
(a) performing obligations under a contract or in the course of or in connection with our
provision of the goods and/or services requested by you;
(b) verifying your identity;
(c) responding to, handling, assessing queries, requests, applications, complaints, vacancy
requests, and feedback;
(d) managing your relationship with us;
(e) sending you marketing information, including but not limited to surveys and questionnaires,
about our products or services;
(f) complying with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, directives or

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or
regulatory authority;
(g) any other purposes for which you have provided the information;
(h) transmitting information to any affiliated third parties, including our third party service
providers and agents, and relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, whether in
Europe or no EU jurisdictions, for the aforementioned purposes in this section;
(i) any other incidental business purposes related to or in connection with the above;
(j) update, fix errors, administer and improve the features and functionality of our applications
and associated services;
(k) to analyze application performance via collection of statistical data.

---

1.4 Minor's personal information and privacy
We recognize the importance of protecting the information about minors and we do not
knowingly collect any personal information from minors under eighteen (18) years of age. Our
website and services are directed to persons over eighteen (18) years of age, MetaQuotes Ltd
accepts no responsibility for any failure to comply with this requirement.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
In the event we become aware that we have received personal information from a visitor under
eighteen (18) years of age, we shall delete as soon as reasonably practicable and not make use of
such information.

---

1.5. Collection of other information
We may collect other non-personal information about the use of our Software Applications, visits
to our websites or use of additional services, including links you have clicked, software or
information you have downloaded, as well as other actions related to the use of our products or
services. We may also collect certain technical information necessary for the operation and
update of our products/services and the collection of anonymous statistics on the use of such
products/services, along with any error reports about our products.

---

2. Cookies
Cookies are small text files containing a string of numbers and letters that are placed on your
hard disk every time you visit a certain webpage. These files allow to identify your browser when
you visit the same website again. Cookies can store user settings and other information. You can
set your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie. Please note
however that some website features or services may not function properly without accepting the
receipt of cookies. Any data collected in this manner cannot be used to individually identify
website users. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. To
view our cookie policy please click here(link)

---

3. Protection of personal data
We endeavor to ensure protection of the information submitted to us, both during transmission
and once we receive it. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical
safeguards to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss,
unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form
of processing of the Personal Data in our possession. This includes, for example, firewalls,
password protection and other access and authentication controls.

---

However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you
do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed,
disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial
safeguards. If you believe your Personal Data has been compromised, please contact us.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
7. Your Rights
(a) the right to access
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and,
where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That
additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of
personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and
freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data.

---

(c) the right to erasure
In some circumstances you have the right to request the erasure of your personal data if
established that the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it
was collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw permission to authorization-based
processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law
and if established that the personal data has been unlawfully processed. However, there are
exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
(f) the right to data portability
You have the right to obtain the personal information provided to us given that
• the processing is based on authorization; or
• the processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your
personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and
freedoms of others.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
9. Contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy and Data Protection Policy or the way personal
information is processed or used in connection with the use of our Software Applications or
websites, please contact us. Your request must include your name and other information
needed for the identification, as well as for the full and complete processing of your request.