• We don't monitor, record or store the contents of your audio calls, video
calls or Tandem Party conversations. We do store messages, message
information like timestamps and your Topics, but these will not be shared
with any third parties unless required by law.

---

• We reserve the right to restrict access to Tandem in the event of
misconduct. Providing a safe and friendly community for language
learners is our top priority. We therefore take reports of abuse very
seriously. Reports of misconduct on Tandem are reviewed by human
moderators and can lead to a ban from our app. Please note that you can
choose to share messages with our moderators only as part of the
reporting process.

---
[SECTION: PRIVACY POLICY]
---
This statement details how we handle personal data here at Tandem, if you use
our mobile apps or website. We are respectful of the data that is shared with
us by our members and take protecting it very seriously.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 1. Personal Data]
---
Personal data is all information about an identified or identifiable person. This
includes the following categories of personal data that we process:
• Your contact details (such as first and last name, address, email address,
location). We will never share your last name with other Tandem
members.
•
Information within your profile (such as your age, gender, city),
• Personal images you provide within your profile,
•
Information you share within your messages (images, voice messages,
comments, correction, topics),
• Your correspondence with us,
• Log files with information about your visit to our website and apps,
•
Online identifiers (such as cookie IDs, IP addresses, advertising IDs),
• Awards (such as language certificates),
• Activity on our apps and websites (e.g. clicks, screens viewed, pages
visited).

---
[SECTION: 2. Purposes of Use]
---
Personal data will only be collected by us to the extent and for the purpose for
which you provide the data to us, e.g. for registering an account. We use and
store your personal data as part of our services for the following purposes:
• To create a public user profile for you on Tandem;
• To provide a curated community just for language learners, where access
is restricted to members only. We do our best to prevent abuse and ban
offenders, as soon as we are made aware of abuse. Such control takes
place, for example, by checking the authenticity of profile pictures you
provide. This helps to increase the safety of the community and identify
fraudulent accounts (e.g. scams). We conduct, for example, a comparison
of hashed – thus no longer personally identifiable – profile photos with
known images that scammers use or that have been flagged due to
misuse on Tandem.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• To send information relevant to the service, e.g. via email or push
notification (e.g. updates on your membership status, missed
calls/messages, new followers);
• To target ads in the app (this can be turned off in settings);
• To find Tandem partners nearby;
• To understand how Tandem is used and optimize the service;
• To help keep our community safe, friendly and accountable in both one-
on-one chats, parties, clubs and group chats, including by encouraging
authentic communication;
•
For corresponding with you;
•
For processing contracts with you;
• For advertising purposes such as the dispatch of our newsletter;
• On quality assurance and statistics;
• For your participation in our competitions;
• For your participation in our events;
• For your participation in our surveys;
• To consider your application for membership and for community
moderation;
• In order to improve our service;
• We create a member profile for you on Tandem so that others can easily
find and communicate with the most suitable language exchange
partners. Only verified community members can discover and contact you
through the Tandem app. We ensure your privacy by never displaying your
email address, exact location, last name, or any other information you
choose not to share in your profile settings.

---
Otherwise, your personal data will not be shared with third parties unless you
have given explicit consent or we are obligated to disclose it – for example, on
the instruction of a court or an administrative authority. To provide
functionality and for usage analysis and marketing purposes, we collect
information.

---
[SECTION: 3. Legal Basis]
---
Your data is processed according to the following legal provisions:
• Art. 6(1)(a) General Data Protection Regulation, provided you have agreed
to the setting of cookies or advertising;

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
• Art 6(1)(b) GDPR, to establish and implement the contract, for example to
join the community;
• The fulfillment of legal obligations, Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR),
• With regard to messages you share with your Tandem partners, both in
one-on-one chats, Tandem Parties and group chats, based on your
legitimate interests, Art 6(1)(f) GDPR.

---
Moreover, with particular regard to statistical data and online identifiers based
on legitimate interests, pursuant to Art 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see below).

---
[SECTION: 4. Data Sources]
---
Unless otherwise specified, we obtain the data from you (including via devices
used by you).

---
[SECTION: 6. Retention Period]
---
We retain your data:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
•
•
•
If you have consented to this as part of processing, until such time as you
withdraw your consent (e.g. by deleting your account);
If we need the data to fulfill an agreement, until such time as the
contractual relationship with you ceases or legal retention periods expire;
If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, until such time as
your overriding interest obliges us to delete or anonymize it;
• Please note that if you delete your account, your personal information will
be deleted, but we will retain the messages you sent to a Tandem Partner;
• If you delete your account, we will continue to store your email address
associated with the account so that we can process deletion requests
after you delete your account;
• We will also continue to store your Tandem ID so that we can respond to
user inquiries after an account is deleted;
• We store Community membership applications, including your personal
information, for at least seven days. After this period has expired, you can
permanently delete all personal data from Tandem using the “Delete my
application” button in the app.
• To ensure that Tandem remains a safe place for language learners, we
take violations of our community rules very seriously. Therefore, we may
retain anonymous personal identifiers for up to 24 months and prevent
access to the Community on this basis during that period.

---
[SECTION: 7. Our Policy on Children's Information]
---
Children and young people under 16 are not allowed to use Tandem. If you
reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), you may only use Tandem if you
are over the age at which you can consent to data processing under the laws
of your country or if we have been provided a verifiable parental consent for
your use of Tandem. If you are a parent and find out that your child is using
Tandem and you do not wish this to happen, please contact
support@tandem.net.

---
[SECTION: 8. Cookies]
---
Cookies and similar technologies are very small text documents or pieces of
code that often contain a unique identification code. When you visit a website
or use a mobile application, a computer asks your computer or mobile device
for permission to save this file on your computer or mobile device and gain
access to information. Information collected through cookies and similar

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
technologies may include the date and time of the visit and how you use a
particular website or mobile application.

---
We need cookies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-
enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom,
personalized content and information; (c) to provide and monitor the
effectiveness of our Service; (d) to monitor and aggregate metrics such as
total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) to diagnose or
fix technology problems; (f) to help you efficiently access your information
after you sign in; (g) to keep you logged in; and (h) to keep the Tandem
community safe for members.

---
[SECTION: 9. Data Recipients]
---
We use your personal information only within the company and forward it only
to those companies that are involved in performing the contracts concluded
with you or otherwise involved in providing the relevant service. We forward the
following customer data to third parties:
• To analyze how Tandem is used by our members and optimize the service
and design, pseudonymous usage and personal data is shared with
Google Analytics and Firebase Analytics.
• To communicate information relevant to the service via email or push
notification, names, device IDs, email addresses and other personal
information may be shared with Iterable and Sparkpost
(https://sparkpost.com). You can control what type of messages you
receive in the profile settings, switch off push notifications for Tandem
completely in your device settings and unsubscribe from email
notifications in each individual email.
• With your explicit consent, in order to make ads more personal, we may
share personal but anonymized information, such as age and gender as
well as device identifiers with Admob by Google, MoPub, AppLovin and
Meta Audience Network. iOS and Android devices have a resettable
advertising identifier that companies can use to target ads based on the
apps you use.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 9.1 Registration and Authentication]
---
By registering or authenticating, users allow Tandem to identify them securely
and give them access to its services. Depending on what is described below,
third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case,
Tandem will be able to access some data stored by these third-party services
for registration or identification purposes, with the user's explicit consent:
• Facebook Authentication (Meta Platforms, Inc.): Facebook Authentication
is a registration and authentication service provided by Meta Platforms,
Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network. The personal data
collected is various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
• Firebase Authentication (Google Inc.): Firebase Authentication is a
registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. To simplify
the registration and authentication process, Firebase Authentication can
make use of third-party identity providers and save the information on its
platform. Personal Data collected: email. Place of processing: United
States - Privacy Policy.
• Google OAuth (Google Inc.): Google OAuth is a registration and
authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the
Google network. Personal Data collected: various types of data as
specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United
States - Privacy Policy.
• Weibo (Sina.com): Weibo is a registration and authentication service
provided by Sina.com and is connected to the Sina Weibo social network
and SDK. Personal Data collected: various types of data as specified in the
privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: China – Privacy Policy.
• WeChat (Tencent Inc.): WeChat Auth is a registration and authentication
service provided by Tencent Inc. and is connected to the WeChat network
and SDK. Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in
the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: Canada and Hong
Kong - Privacy Policy.
• Sign in with Apple (Apple Inc.): Sign in with Apple is a registration and
authentication service provided by Apple Inc. In cases where Users are

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
required to provide their email address, Sign in with Apple may generate a
private relay address on behalf of Users that automatically forwards
messages to their verified personal email account - therefore shielding
their actual email address from the Owner. Personal Data processed:
email address; first name; last name; User ID. Place of processing: United
States - Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: 9.2 Hosting and Backend Infrastructure]
---
This type of service has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable
Tandem to run and be distributed, as well as providing a ready-made
infrastructure to run specific features or parts of Tandem. Some of these
services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to
determine the actual location where personal data is stored.
• Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.): Amazon Web
Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon.com Inc. A
wide range of Personal Data, including sign-in data, images and message
content is stored on AWS infrastructure as Tandem's main hosting and
infrastructure provider. Place of processing: Germany and the United
States - Privacy Policy.
• Google Cloud Platform (Google Inc.): Google Cloud Platform is a hosting
and backend service provided by Google Inc. Personal Data collected:
various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
• Azure: Azure is a hosting and backend service provided by Microsoft
Ireland Operations Ltd (One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park,
Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland) and Microsoft Corporation
(Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052
USA). A wide range of personal data, including login credentials, images
and message content, is stored on Tandem's Azure infrastructure as a key
hosting and infrastructure provider. – Privacy Policy.
• CDS Global Cloud (Beijing CapitalOnline Data Service): CDS Global Cloud
is a specialized international provider of hosting services. At Tandem we
use CDS to optimize the speed and reliability of data transmission from or
to Mainland China. Place of Processing: European Union - Privacy Policy.
• OpenAl: OpenAl Ireland Limited (1st Floor, The Liffey Trust Centre, 117-126
Sheriff Street Upper, Dublin 1, D01 YC43, Ireland). Personal data
processed with OpenAI APIs as a provider for backend services: name,
gender, user profile, user input, location, messages content, including
images and audio. – Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 9.3 Processing Payments]
---
Payment processing services enable Tandem to process payments. To ensure
greater security, Tandem does not process or store credit card details, and
uses only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the
financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to
you, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the
payment.
• Payments processed via the Apple App Store (Apple Inc.): Tandem uses a
payment service provided by Apple Inc. that allows the Owner to offer the
purchase of the app itself or in-app purchases. Personal Data processed
to complete the purchases are processed by Apple, as described in the
privacy_policy for the App Store. Personal Data processed: payment data.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.
• Payments processed via the Google Play Store (Google Ireland Limited):
Tandem uses a payment service provided by Google Ireland Limited that
allows the Owner to offer the purchase of the app itself or in-app
purchases. Personal Data processed to complete the purchases are
processed by Google, as described in the privacy policy for the Google
Play Store. Personal Data processed: payment data. Place of processing:
Ireland - Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: 9.4 Infrastructure Monitoring]
---
This type of service allows Tandem to monitor the use and behavior of its
service components, so its features, performance, operation, maintenance and
troubleshooting can be improved. Which Personal Data are processed depends
on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose
function is to filter the activities of Tandem.
• Crashlytics (Google Inc.): Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by
Google Inc. to enable Tandem to improve the stability of the app and
reduce app crashes. Personal Data collected: geographic position, unique
device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for
example) and various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of
the service. Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.
• Firebase Crash Reporting (Google Inc.): Firebase Crash Reporting is a
monitoring service provided by Google, Inc. to improve the stability of the
app and reduce app crashes. Personal Data collected: various types of

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing:
United States – Privacy Policy.
• Firebase Performance Monitoring (Google Inc.): Firebase Performance
Monitoring is a monitoring service provided by Google, Inc. Personal Data
collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: 9.5 Managing Contacts and Sending Messages]
---
This type of service makes it possible to communicate with users outside of
the app, e.g. via push notifications and email. They may manage a database of
email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to
communicate with the user. These services may also collect data concerning
the date and time when the message was viewed by the user, as well as when
the user interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
• Firebase Cloud Messaging (Google Inc.): Firebase Cloud Messaging is a
message sending service provided by Google, Inc. Firebase Cloud
Messaging allows the Owner to send messages and notifications to Users
across platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web. Messages can be
sent to single devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User
segments. Personal Data collected: various types of data as specified in
the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States
Privacy Policy.
• SparkPost (Message Systems, Inc.): SparkPost is an email address
management and message sending service provided by Message
Systems, Inc. Personal Data collected: email address and various types of
data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing:
United States – Privacy Policy.
• Iterable (Iterable, Inc.): Iterable is a User Communications and database
management service provided by Iterable, Inc. Personal Data processed:
email address; Tracker; various types of personal data. Place of
processing: United States – Privacy Policy..
• Agora (Agora Lab, Inc): Agora is a real-time engagement platform. Tandem
uses the Vonage video and voice communication API to provide global
high audio- and video-calling functionality across our mobile and web
applications. Agora Lab Inc. only collects Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
and operational information necessary for providing their services. Place
of processing: United States – Compliance & Privacy.

---
[SECTION: 9.6 Web and Mobile Analytics]
---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
The services contained in this section enable us to monitor and analyze web
and mobile traffic and can be used to keep track of how Tandem is used by
users.
• Analytics collected directly (Tandem): Tandem uses an internal analytics
system that does not involve third parties. Personal data collected:
cookies and usage data.
• Google Analytics (Google Inc.): Google Analytics is a web analysis service
provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google utilizes the data collected to
track and examine the use of Tandem, to prepare reports on its activities
and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data
collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
network. Personal Data collected: cookies and usage data. Place of
processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
• Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.): Google Analytics for Firebase
or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. In
order to understand Google's use of data, Google's partner policy. Firebase
Analytics may share data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as
Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The user
may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the
other tools used by the owner. Tandem uses identifiers for mobile devices
(including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS,
respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase
Analytics service. Users may opt out of certain Firebase features through
applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for
mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related
sections of this privacy policy, if available. Personal Data collected:
cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or
IDFA, for example) and usage data. Place of processing: United States
Privacy Policy.
• Adjust (Adjust GmbH): Adjust is an analytics and ad attribution service
provided by Adjust GmbH. Personal data collected: Cookies, Device
Identifiers and Usage Data. Place of processing: Germany – Privacy Policy.
Opt Out.
• Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Meta Platforms, Inc.): Facebook Ads
conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms,
Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with
actions performed on Tandem. Personal Data collected: cookies and
usage data. Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.
• TestFlight (Apple Inc.): TestFlight is an analytics service provided by Apple
Inc. Personal Data collected: Cookies, email address and usage data.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

---
[SECTION: 9.7 Community Safety, Managing Support, Contact Requests and User Research]
---
Our customer support platform allows us to manage support and contact
requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form. The
personal data processed depends on the information provided by the user in
the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address).

---
Our user research platform allows us to learn more about our customer needs
and improve our product. The participation in the research tools like online
surveys is voluntary.

---
We process your data for safety and security purposes to investigate possible
fraud or other violations of our Terms of Service and/or attempts to harm our
members and others.

---
• Zendesk (Zendesk, Inc., 989 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103): Zendesk
is a support and contact request management service provided by
Zendesk Inc. Personal Data collected: contact details and data provided by
the requestor depending on the request type (images, transaction
information, age, gender, city, and other other personal data as specified in
the privacy policy of the service. Privacy Policy.
• FeatureOS (Skcript Technologies Private Limited, 1579/A, J Block, 15th
Main Road, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 600040, India): FeatureOS is a service
used to collect user feedback and feature requests provided by Skcript
Technologies Private Limited. Data collected: logs, analytics, cookies and
other tracking technologies. Privacy Policy.
• Typeform (TYPEFORM, S.L. Spain, Can Rabia, 3-5, 4th floor, 08017
Barcelona (Spain)). Typeform is a provider of research tools like online
surveys. Personal data collected: a wide range of personal data that is
provided by the user in the survey. This data is processed to collect users
feedback and conduct user research. Privacy Policy.
• We also use third party services to help us ensure safety and integrity of
our services. We verify email addresses and IP addresses in particular to
detect and prevent fraudulent activities, and protect our platform from
spam and abuse. These providers are obligated to use your information
solely for verification purposes and to implement robust security
measures to safeguard your data. We conclude the relevant data
processing agreements with providers that include additional guarantee
safeguards - SCCs, or use providers that are part of the Data Privacy

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Framework. Personal data processed: Email address; IP address. Place of
processing: United States

---
[SECTION: 9.8 Advertising]
---
Ads (e.g. banners, interstitials, and native ads) help us make money and
continue to provide most of Tandem's features for free. When we tell
advertisers your age, gender, location and device information, the ads you see
on Tandem are more relevant and we earn more from them. We only pass on
your personal data with your express consent. If you do not want your data to
be passed on, you can revoke your consent at any time. Below you will find
information and terms of use. Some of the services listed below may use
cookies or mobile advertising identifiers to identify users, or they may use the
technique of behavioral retargeting, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the user's
interests and behavior, including those outside of Tandem recognized. Further
information can be found in the privacy policies of the respective services. In
addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, the user may opt
out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising
Initiative opt-out page. Another option for disabling ad personalization is the
preference management of YourOnlineChoices https://youronlinechoices.com.
• AdMob (Google Inc.): AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google
Inc. In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner
policy. Personal Data collected: cookies, unique device identifiers for
advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and usage data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
• AppLovin: AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin
Corporation (1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304). Personal Data
collected: cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google
Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and usage data. Privacy Policy - Opt
Out (Manage your privacy choices)
• DoubleClick for Publishers (Google Inc.): DoubleClick for Publishers is an
advertising service provided by Google Inc. that allows the owner to run
advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks
that the owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct
relationship with. In order to opt-out from being tracked by various
advertising networks, Users may make use of Youronlinechoices. In order
to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner policy. This
service uses the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of Tandem and
User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered. Users may
decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies by clicking on:
google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en. Personal data collected:

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy.
Policy.
• Meta Audience Network (Meta Platforms, Inc.): Meta Audience Network is
an advertising service provided by Meta Platforms Inc., Inc. In order to
understand Meta's use of Data, consult Meta's privacy_policy. Tandem may
use identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or
Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to
cookies to run the Meta Audience Network service. One of the ways
Audience Network shows ads is by using the User's ad preferences. The
User can control this in the Facebook ad settings. Users may opt out of
certain Audience Network targeting through applicable device settings,
such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following
the instructions in other Audience Network related sections of this privacy
policy, if available. Personal data collected: cookies, unique device
identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and
Usage Data. Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy- Opt Out.

---
[SECTION: 9.9 Content Performance and Features Testing (A/B testing)]
---
The services contained in this section allow the Tandem to track and analyze
the user response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the
structure, text or any other component of Tandem.
• Firebase Remote Config (Google Inc.): Firebase Remote Config is an A/B
testing and configuration service provided by Google Inc. Personal data
collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
• Google Optimize (Google Inc.): Google Optimize is an A/B testing, website
testing, and personalization tool provided by Google Inc. Personal data
collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

---
[PAGE BREAK]
---
[SECTION: 11. Requirement or obligation to provide data]
---
Unless expressly stated, when data is collected, the provision of data is neither
required nor obligatory.