Our handling of student information
We are dedicated to making learning awesome and
we take the privacy of our users seriously. Keeping
students' Personal Information safe is a priority at
Kahoot!. In this Privacy Notice, we also explain how
we use the Personal Information we collect from
and about students when they engage with Kahoot!

---
Capitalized terms have the meaning given to them
in Annex A "Definitions". Kahoot!'s Services allow
our users to create and upload content, play and
host games and invite others to join a game. Kahoot!
acts as a processor for Personal Information in user
content, and for Personal Information that we may
otherwise collect and process on behalf of our users
on our platform. Such processing is not covered by
this Privacy Notice.

---
As a trusted provider of tools that help teachers and
schools make learning awesome for students,
Kahoot! is particularly concerned about the
collection and use of students' Personal Information.
We only request the Personal Information of
students that we need to provide the School
Services to our customer, and we comply with
applicable privacy laws, such as the EU's General
Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the UK GDPR,
the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
(“FERPA”), the Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act (“COPPA”), the California Student Online
Personal Information Protection Act (“SOPIPA”) and
other US state education privacy laws.

---
Kahoot! does not collect, retain, use or share
students' Personal Information, except as necessary
for authorized school purposes, at the direction of
our school and school district customers and
pursuant to our agreements with them. Without
limitation, this means that:

---
• We do not serve third party ads (including
targeted ads) on our platforms and do not use
information we collect from students or others
to serve targeted ads on other services. Kahoot!
does not use or disclose information collected
through the School Services for any targeted
advertising purposes.

---
2. Personal Information we
process
The Personal Information we process depends on
the context of your interactions with Kahoot!, your
Kahoot! account settings, the products and features
you use, your location and applicable law. However,
the Personal Information we collect broadly falls into
the following categories:

---
2.1 Information you provide to us: You may provide
certain Personal Information to us when you sign up
for a Kahoot! account and use the Services, consult
with our customer service team, send us an email,
integrate the Services with another website or
service (for example, when you choose to connect
your Google account with Kahoot!), apply for a job
opening with us or communicate with us in any
other way. This information may include:
•
Personal details. Such as your given name(s);
and preferred name;
• Contact details. E-mail address, mailing
address, telephone number and job title of the
contact person of users (for example
businesses or educational institutions);
• Correspondence. Records and copies of your
correspondence if you contact us;
• Data relating to our Websites and App, and
your account. Such as:
。Account log-in credentials such as your
email address or username and password
when you sign up for an account with us;
。Account holder information such as your
location (city and country only), interests,
picture, organization, title/position, age,
what Kahoot! groups you are part of and
who you interact with by using the
Services;
• Troubleshooting and support data, which
is data you provide, or we otherwise collect
in connection with support queries we
receive from you. This may include contact
or authentication data, the content of your
chats and other communications with us,
and the product or service you are using
related to your help inquiry; and
• Information about your download and/or
use of our App and Services.
•
Payment details. Billing address and the last
four digits and expiration of a stored credit
card, or other payment information and
financial information that we/our payment
processors need in order to provide the
Services;
Security information. Your encrypted
password(s); login attempt details; security
settings; and other security-related information;
• Views and opinions. Any views and opinions
that you choose to send to us, or publicly post
about us on social media platforms;
• Communication data. Several of our Services
let you share information with other people,
and you have the control over what you share
and with whom you share. For example, when
signed in and interacting with certain Kahoot!
Services, such as leaving comments on the
Websites, you may disclose Personal
Information to us and the general public. We
strongly advise that you limit the disclosure of
Personal Information through, for example,
comments. Remember, when you share
Personal Information publicly, for example
through the comment section on our Website,
the information you disclose may become
publicly available and accessible through
search engines. Leaving comments on the
Websites is unavailable to Children. All
comments are reviewed manually for
appropriateness before being posted. If you
disclose Personal Information through
comments within a Kahoot! group
participation, i.e. not the general public, please
note that the information you disclose will be
available to other group participants. Kahoot!
group participation is only available on certain
plans (it is not available on Children plans) and
all group members must be part of the same
plan;
• Information you make public. We collect or
obtain Personal Information that you
manifestly choose to make public, including via
social media (e.g., we may collect information
from your social media profile(s), if you make a
public post about us);
• Content information. If you interact with any
third-party content on a Website or in the App
(including third-party plugins and Cookies) we
receive Personal Information from the relevant
third-party provider of that content;
• Consent records. Records of any consents you
have given, together with the date and time,
means of consent, and any related information
(e.g., the subject matter of the consent);
• Employer details. Where you interact with us
in your capacity as an employee of a third-
party; and the name, address, telephone
number and email address of your employer, to
the extent relevant; and
• Demographic information. Gender (job
applicants only); date of birth / age; nationality
(job applicants only); salutation; title; and
language preferences.

---
2.2 Additional Personal Information we collect
from or about students:
• Children players. Kahoot! collects only a
nickname, which is not linked to any other
Personal Information, including any persistent
identifier, from a Child who merely plays a
Kahoot! game. We use the nickname to permit
the Child to play;
• Student Data collected at a teacher's
direction. Certain features of the School
Services permit a teacher to collect information
about the class, as well as about individual
students, such as games played, results,
answers submitted when playing Kahoot!
games and performance on Kahoot! games.
We use such information only to provide the
Services to the teacher, such as to permit the
teacher to interact with students and track
their progress over time. A school or teacher
may permit students to share information with
others, such as with other students in the same
class, school or school district. Kahoot! acts as a
processor when processing Student Data; and
• Player ID feature. A school or school district
may enable the Player ID feature, which
collects the following Student Data: (i) a
student's name (for grades K-12) and (ii) (for non
Child users only) email address for purposes of
attendance or assessment. Kahoot! acts as a
processor when processing Personal
Information as part of the Player ID feature.

---
2.3 Additional Personal Information we collect
from or about candidates:
• Information you provide. This includes
information provided through an online job
site, via email, in person at interviews and/or by
any other method. In particular, we process
personal details such as name, email address,
address, telephone number, date of birth,
qualifications, experience, information relating
to your employment history, skills experience
that you provide to us, as well as your video in
case you conduct your interview using the
Video Interview feature; and
• Recruitment record. A record of your progress
through any hiring process that We may
conduct.

---
2.4 Information we collect automatically as
Service Usage Data:
•
In some (but not all) countries, including the
UK and countries within the EEA, the following
information may be considered Personal
Information under applicable data protection
laws and may include:
• Technical data:
• Browser or device information which is
collected through your device, such as
Media Access Control (MAC) address,
screen resolution, operating system name
and version, device manufacturer and
model, language, internet browser type
and version of the Services (such as the
App) you are using;
• Usage data which is collected whenever
you interact with our Service. This may
include the dates and times you access
the Services and your browsing activities
(such as what portions of the Service you
used). We also collect information
regarding the performance of the
Services, including metrics related to the
deliverability of emails and other
communications you send through the
Service. If you are using our App, we may
collect information about how often you
use the App and other performance data.
This information allows us to improve the
content and operation of the Services and
facilitate research and analysis of the
Services;
• Log data whereby our web servers keep
log files that record data each time a
device accesses those servers and the
nature of each access, including
originating IP-addresses and your activity
in the Services (such as the date/time
stamps associated with your usage,
participation in Kahoot! games, results,
pages and files viewed, searches and other
actions you take (for example, which
features you used)). We may also access
metadata and other information
associated with files that you upload into
our Services; and
• Cookie data: Cookies which allow us to
collect information such as browser type
and other anonymous traffic data. Please
see our Cookie Notice for more
information on our use of Cookies.

---
2.5 Information we collect from other sources:
•
From time to time, we may collect Personal
Information about you from other sources,
such as our Partners, integrations or other
third-parties, for example where you have given
permission to the third-party to share your
information with us;
• We collect or obtain Personal Information from
third-parties who provide it to us (e.g., law
enforcement authorities.);
With regards to candidates for employment:
• We may link the data you provide to us,
with other publicly available information
about you that you have published on the
Internet. This may include sources such as
LinkedIn and other social media profiles;
•We may search various databases
some
publicly available and others not, which
may include your Personal Information
(including your CV or resumé), to find
possible applicants to fill our job openings;
and
。We may receive your Personal Information
from a third-party who recommends you
as an applicant for a specific job opening
or for our business more generally.

---
2.6 Information we create: We also create Personal
Information about you in certain circumstances,
such as records of your interactions with us or Visitor
logs. We may also combine Personal Information
from any of our Websites, the App or services,
including where those data are collected from
different devices or sources.

---
2.7 Anonymized information: Where appropriate,
Kahoot! anonymizes information collected
automatically before using it. Subject to applicable
law and our agreements with our customers, we
may use and disclose such anonymized information
for any purpose, including for analytics purposes, to
help us understand how our products are used and
improve upon them. We will not seek to re-identify
any information that we have anonymized.

---
3.1 Purposes and legal bases: We may use your
Personal Information which we collect for the
purposes and on the legal bases identified below:

---
4. Third-Party Applications and
websites
We may use the Personal Information we collect or
receive through the Service, as a processor and as

---
otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, to enable
your use of the integrations and plugins you choose
to connect to your Kahoot! account. For instance, if
you choose to connect a Google integration to your
Kahoot! account, we'll ask you to grant Us
permission to view and/or download, as applicable,
your Google Sheets, Google Contacts and Google
Drive. This allows us to configure your Google
integration(s) in accordance with your preferences.

---
The Third-Party Applications may collect Personal
Information about you but we do not share Personal
Information with them.

---
8. International Transfers
We collect information globally and may transfer,
process and store your information outside of your
country of residence, to wherever we or our third-
party service providers operate for the purposes
identified in Section 3.1 above. This may involve
countries where the data protection, privacy rights
and other laws may not be as comprehensive as in
your country. Whenever we transfer your
information, we take steps, including preventive
measures, designed to protect your Personal
Information.

---
Please note that when you transfer any Personal
Information directly to any Kahoot! entity
established outside the UK or the EEA (as
applicable), we are not responsible for that transfer
of your Personal Information. We will nevertheless
process your Personal Information, from the point at
which we receive those data, in accordance with the
provisions of this Privacy Notice.

---
9. Retention of Personal
Information
We do not retain Personal Information longer than
necessary for the purposes for which Personal
Information was collected. We retain Personal
Information where we have an ongoing legitimate
business or legal obligation to do so. Our retention
periods will vary depending on the type of data

---
10. California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Delaware, lowa,
Montana, Nebraska, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon,
Texas, Utah, and Virginia
Consumers
This section supplements our Privacy Policy and
provides additional details regarding our collection,
use,
and disclosure of Personal Information relating to
consumers in California, Colorado, Connecticut,
Delaware, lowa, Montana, Nebraska, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and
Virginia.

---
Collection, Processing, and Disclosure of Personal
Information
The following chart details the categories of
Personal Information we collect and process, as well
as the
categories we disclose to third parties for our

---
Collection, Processing, and Disclosure of Sensitive
Personal Information
Subject to your consent where required by
applicable law, we collect, process, and disclose
Sensitive Personal Information for purposes of
providing goods or services as requested; ensuring
safety, security, and integrity; countering wrongful or
unlawful actions; performing services for our
business, including maintaining and servicing
accounts, providing customer service, processing or
fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer
information, providing analytic services, and
providing storage; activities relating to quality and
safety control or product improvement; and other
collection and processing that is not for the purpose
of inferring characteristics about an individual. We
do not use Sensitive Personal Information beyond
these purposes.

---
a. The categories of Personal Information we
collected about you and the categories of
sources from which we collected such Personal
Information;

---
b. The business or commercial purpose for
collecting Personal Information about you; and

---
When offering Services to its users, Kahoot! may act
as a “service provider” or “processor,” and we collect
consumer Personal Information on behalf of our
users in order to provide the Service. If applicable,
please direct any requests for access, correction, or
deletion of your Personal Information to the user
with whom you have a direct relationship.

---
13. Our collection of Personal
Information from Children

---
When a Child creates an account, we collect his or
her email address only for the purpose of providing
password reminders to him or her, but we do not
collect any other Personal Information. We
immediately and permanently alter the email
address such that it can only be used as a password
reminder and cannot be reconstructed into its
original form or used to contact the Child. We may
collect certain Personal Information from Children
through our products for teachers/schools, but we
do so only at their direction in our capacity as a
processor. When a parent creates a profile for a Child
within the parent's account, we process the Child's
first name only.

---
We also collect a username and password from
Child account holders, which are used for login
purposes only, to permit the Child account holder to
use the Services.

---
We and our service providers also collect the
information described above, under “information we
collect automatically,” from Children.

---
If you are a parent or guardian, you may review the
information we have collected from your Child or
ask us to make no further use of, or delete, such
information
us
at
by
contacting
privacy@kahoot.com. In your request, please include
your name and your Child's Kahoot! username, and
specify the action you would like us to take. For your
Child's protection, we may need to verify your
identity before implementing your request. If your
Child uses our Services through his or her school,
please contact the school or school district with any
such request.

---
"Service Usage Data” means information we gather
automatically through your use of the Services and
as further detailed in the “Personal Information we
process" section below.