This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how LLC Lumos Inc, Midpoint Security FZCO-LLC and its affiliates (also referred to as
“LLC Lumos,” “Midpoint Security FZCO-LLC”, “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), collects, stores, uses and protects your information
when you use our website at http://www.lumos.mobi/ (the “Site”), any mobile applications that hyperlink to this Policy and are available
for download in the Google Play Store, Apple App Store or any other third party app store, or are pre-installed on third party devices (the
"Apps"), or any other websites, pages, features, or content owned or operated by LLC Lumos or Midpoint Security FZCO-LLC
(collectively, including the Site and Apps, the “Services").

---
Furthermore, we may provide you with "just-in-time” disclosures or additional information about the data collection, use and sharing
practices of specific Services. These notices may provide more information about our privacy practices, or provide you with additional
choices about how we process your personal information.

---
3. Information Collected through the Services
In this Policy, the term “personal information” includes any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you
access or use our Services, we may generally collect the personal information described below.
A. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us
When you access or use our Services, you may provide the following information to us:
• Customer Support Information: If you are a visitor to the Site, or a user of the Apps, we may collect information that you
provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service or technical services.
•
Contact Information: When you sign up to create an account with some of our Apps, you will be required to provide an email
address as part of the registration process. Alternatively, you can use your Facebook Account or other third party social network
accounts (together, "Social Media Account") to register for the Services.
• Social Media Account Information: When you sign up with a Social Media Account, you will be asked to choose which
information you would like to share with us, such as your email address, birthday, friends list, or public profile information. When
you decide to use a Social Media Account to sign up for our Services, we only require the collection of the email address associated
with your Social Media Account; all other information provided by you is voluntary.
• Profile Information: When using some of our Services, you may be able to add information to your profile, such as an avatar or
profile picture, birthday, nickname or username, or country. You voluntarily provide this information to us.
• Your Content: When using some of our Services, you can create, post, upload or share content by providing us with access to your
photos, media and files, and your device's camera and microphone. You voluntarily provide this information to us.
B. Information Automatically Collected Through the Services
We automatically collect information about you when you use the Services, such as:

---
• Device Information: If you access the Services through a mobile device, we may be able to identify the general location of your
mobile device (not precise geolocation data), your mobile device's brand, model, operating system, resolution, screen size, system
version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, random-access memory (“RAM"), the application you have installed, the
applications you have running in the background, mobile device's advertising ID, other unique identifiers and other information
related to device setting.
• Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your
interactions with our Services. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, account activation time, content displayed
to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited,
notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your mobile country code, and your
user ID.
• Content Sharing: When you choose to share content with us, we automatically collect information about your Wi-Fi connection,
and call information.

---
You may be able to limit the amount of information collected from your device (e.g., computer, phone, or tablet) with us by adjusting your
device or browser settings. However, by preventing us from collecting information from you, we may not be able to provide some
functions on our Services. C. Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services

---
The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you may be able to post comments, stories,
reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of
information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and
settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that
may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.

---
4. How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If we use your personal information in
any other ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, or
from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected
it or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services
may not be available to you.
A. To provide the Services to you. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested.
Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this information with our service providers or
partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such
information.
B. To provide customer service. We process your personal information when you contact us to help you with any questions,
concerns, disputes or issues, or to provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or
ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
C. To enforce terms, agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or policies, we may
process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or
illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with
third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with
our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.
D. To send you Service-related communications. We use your contact information to send you administrative or account-related
information to you to keep you updated about our Services, inform you of relevant security issues or updates, or provide other
transaction-related information to you. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You cannot unsubscribe from
such communications because you could miss important developments relating to your account or the Services that may affect how
you can use our Services.
E. For security purposes. We process your personal information to: improve and enforce our security measures; combat spam,
malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not access
your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security
purposes.

---
F. To maintain legal and regulatory compliance. We process your personal information to pay our taxes or fulfill our other business
obligations, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law. We cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal
and regulatory requirements without processing your personal information for such purposes.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the
Designated Countries to comply with our legal obligations.
G. To personalize your experience on the Services. We allow you to personalize your experience on our Services via social media
plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of your preferences (e.g., nickname or
display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more. Without such processing, you may not be able to access or
personalize part or all of our Services.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the
Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.
H. To conduct research and development. We process information about the way you use and interact with our Services to: help us
improve our Services; build new Services; and build customized features or Services. Such processing ensures your continued
enjoyment of part or all of our Services.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the
Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.
I. To engage in marketing activities. We may process your contact information or information about your interactions on our
Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about events, webinars, or other
materials, including those of our partners; and, keep you up-to-date with our relevant products and Services. Transactional
communications about your account or our Services are not considered “marketing” communications. In addition, when you share
your friends' contact information with us, we may reach out to them to invite them to our Services and to continue receiving our
communications. You can opt-out of our marketing activities at any time.
J. To provide consumption data to Apple. If we receive a refund request for an in-app purchase from an end user, we reserve the
right to provide Apple with information regarding the user's in-app purchase consumption. This includes the following data: app
usage time, anonymous account identifier, total amount spent, and total amount refunded.

---
Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred personal information will be
subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any personal information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject
to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.

---
6. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years old, unless permitted to do so by applicable law. Children
are not permitted to use our Services unless they provide us with consent from their parent or guardian. If we become aware that we have
unknowingly collected personal information from a child, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information in our
database. If you are a parent or guardian of a child, and you believe your child has provided us with their Personal Information on our
Services, please contact us immediately at info@lumos.mobi.

---
• Marketing. We store information used for marketing purposes indefinitely until you unsubscribe. Once you unsubscribe from
marketing communications, we add your contact information to our suppression list to ensure we respect your unsubscribe request.
• Your Interactions and Content on Our Services. We may store any information about your interactions on our Services or any
content created, posted or shared by you on our Services (e.g., pictures, comments, support tickets, and other content) indefinitely
after the closure your account for the establishment or defense of legal claims, audit and crime prevention purposes.
• Web Behavior Data. We retain any information collected via cookies, clear gifs, webpage counters and other technical or analytics
tools up to one year from expiry of the cookie or the date of collection.
• Telephone Records. As required by applicable law, we will inform you that a call will be recorded before doing so. Any telephone
calls with you may be kept for a period of up to six years.

---
10. Information for Residents in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland (the "Designated Countries")
This section only applies to users of our Services that are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and/or Switzerland
(collectively, the “Designated Countries”) at the time of data collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are located in
when you use some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in.

---
A. Our Relationship to You
LLC Lumos Inc. or Midpoint Security FZCO-LLC and its affilates are data controllers with regard to any personal information collected
from users of its Services. A “user” is an individual providing personal information to us via our Services, such as by creating an account
with our Apps, signing up for our newsletter(s), or otherwise accessing or using our Services. A "data controller” is an entity that
determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as our service
providers are "data processors" that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions.

---
B. Legal bases for processing Personal Information
We describe our legal bases for processing in Section 4 (“How We Use the Information We Collect") and Section 5 (“How We Share Your
Information With Third Parties") under headings entitled “Designated Countries." The legal bases on which we rely on to process your
personal information include: your consent to the processing; satisfaction of our legal obligations; necessity to protect your vital interests;
necessity to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts we entered with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a
contract with you; necessity to process in the public interest; or for our legitimate interests as described in those sections.

---
C. Marketing Activities
If you are located in the Designated Countries and are a current user, we will only contact you by electronic means (such as email or SMS)
per your communication preferences and/or with information about our Services that are similar to the Services you previously purchased
from us or negotiated to purchase from us.
For new users located in the Designated Countries, we will contact you by electronic means for marketing purposes only based on your
consent or based on your friends' consent. You can always withdraw your consent or change your marketing communication preferences at
any time and free of charge. To opt out of the emails, please click the “unsubscribe” link in the footer of marketing emails or contact us at
info@lumos.mobi. Marketing communications are promotional in nature and do not include transactional or Service-related
communications.

---
• Right to erasure (the “Right to be Forgotten"). You may request us to erase any of your personal information held by us that: is
no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to
processing that you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities to
which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.

---
In addition, if you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered user of the Services, you may request that we remove
content or information that you posted on Services or stored on our servers by: submitting a request as provided in the “How to Contact
Us" section and (ii) clearly identifying the content or information you wish to have removed and providing sufficient information to allow
us to locate the content or information to be removed.
However, please note that we are not required to erase or otherwise eliminate content or information if:
■ other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content or information;
■ the content or information was posed, stored, or republished by another user;
■ the content or information is anonymized so that the minor cannot be individually identified;
■ the minor does not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how to request removal of such content or information;
and (e) the minor has received compensation or other consideration for providing the content.

---
Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of a law enforcement agency to obtain such content or
information.